SandalWoodNewsStories_23.mp3:  In the land of Gandhada, where the world is filled with the fragrance of Gandhada, Gandhada Gudiya Gandugali has been standing to earn money to increase the company of Gandhada. His name is Ramesh Balootagi. He is a Kushtagi of Kuppala. He has been a farmer for a long time. He is a singer who sings to make Gandhada's land prosper. Ramesh, who has trained his people to make Sri Gandhava a small land, has also trained them to make Sri Gandhava a big land. As a result of his hard work, Sri Gandhava has grown to a size of 500 acres. He has raised more than 250 people to grow Sri Gandhava. He has shown the youth how to build a life from the farming of wood. This is the news from Suvarna News, where the company of Gandhada is being run by the Kanna Prabha and Dashakada.
SandalWoodNewsStories_2.mp3:  Rama Swami Bheem This is the first time I am seeing this. Wow! This is beautiful. How many years is this? 10 years. It is 50 to 60 cm long. It has been surrounded by trees for a long time. It is beautiful. It is above a 1-2 feet height. It has been hardwood till here. Can seeds be used for germination here? Yes, this tree can be used. This tree can be used. This is a small tree. This is the indication that this is the best place to grow seeds. When the bark is open, it means that the hardwood has started. This is a clear indication. It is not the beginning. What is the start of the hardwood here? There is nothing here. The root is about 1.5 to 2.5 kg. What is this, Krishnapuram? This is above 1 inch. This is not 3 inches deep. This is not 3 inches deep. If you take it 3 inches deep, it will be 3 inches deep from the bottom to the top. If you take it 3 inches deep, it will be 4 feet deep. It is 4 feet deep. So, 4 feet deep into 3 inches deep. 4 feet deep. So, what I mean is, if you take it 3 inches deep or 3.5 inches deep, it will be 1.5 to 1.5 kg. So, when you take it that way, it will be 1.5 to 1.5 kg. This is the root. The root is left. It is not above that. So, at least, in the next... If you take it from the roots, you will get something. If you take it from here, it means that the hardwood has started. This is a clear indication. It is not the beginning. What is the start of the hardwood here? There is nothing here. If you take it from the bottom, it will be 1.5 to 2.5 kg. Is this the start? No. It will be above 1 inch here. There is no end of 3 inches here. If you take it from the bottom to here, it will be 3 inches. If you take it to 3 inches, it will be 4 feet deep. It is 4 feet deep. So, 4 feet deep into 3 inches deep. From 3 inches, it is 4 feet deep. So, what I mean is, it is not the hardwood. It is 3 inches to 3.5 inches deep. If you take it from here, it will be 1 kg. So, if you take it from here, it will be 1.75 kg. It is a hardwood. It is a root bit. It is a hardwood. So, at least in the next... If you take it from the roots, you will get something. If you take it from here, it will be something. How much will it grow in the next 5 years? In the next 5 years, it will grow 1.73% every year. So, the volume that we are estimating, it will grow 1.73% every year. Every year? Every year. The rate of growth? Yes, the rate of growth. The hardwood is... The hardwood is... When it is open, the ratio of hardwood grows well. The hardwood is more in formation than the other hardwoods. The hardwood is more in formation. The hardwood formation is more in formation. Because it is open. If it is a little bit more, it will grow carefully. It is good. It is good. It is good. How much is it like this? 1,000 rupees. 1,000 rupees is...
SandalWoodNewsStories_6.mp3:  We will make a complete video about black wood Many people have doubts about how to grow it and what are the other facilities We will make that in the next video Since we are making a video today, this is a very important video So without any delay Let's talk about how the soil is taken when it is surrounded by 1 feet in 3 years Let's talk about how the soil is taken So basically it has been 3 years Yes 3 years Have you seen this? Nearly about 1 feet More than 1 feet Reason is One main reason is There is a banyan tree Last time I showed you in a video How to grow banyan and other plants Today you can see This is a black tree So basically What is happening here is It is not planned This is a banyan tree But you can see the banyan tree 3 feet This is a black tree This is a black tree This is also 3 years old Most people do not believe I am not saying this That is why I am asking it from the right side Sir please come Please give your introduction Basically he has an agri diploma And he is a full time farming type He is a farmer with interest in this He is developing it from 11 acres He gives his opinion about the anisika And gives some tips about when to start He gives his opinion about the anisika Sir I am Vishwanath Nagaranda I am from Balkur district This is 11 acres land This is 11 acres land We are growing this We are growing this in the forest Next is One acre of Nimbia Next is Neerala Next is Peru Next is Anjur Next is Tengu Next is Tengu Now There is a plant called Hebbem This is the first plant This is the first plant How many acres is it? It is 3 acres It is the first plant It is the first plant After that in 2019 This is Shrikhanda There is Teak There is one more plant This is Hebbem This is Hebbem There is Teak Teak is the first department This is Sandalwood Another Greater UCP Another UCP You cannot buy things People have lost their jobs Cube Can't say I can say If you don't like them I want you to email But I can't first it was called Reshma that was 10 by 10 in between it was called sandal so plant by plant, from all sides it is 5 feet but from Ganda to Ganda it is 10 feet and from Reshma to Reshma it is 10 feet then what was the name of the first host? Thogri how many years ago? one year later then this is it this is the first year it is growing well it is growing well it is growing well you can see all this we should give another year this is 3 and half years 4 years you can see the growth now consider it as almost 4 years it is not completed but within 4 years it is a good growth for this we will give another host we will plan for stress management because growth should be good and heart would be good if there is excess growth heart would be bad reason is tissues will not break down second metabolism is to develop tissues and heart would be good and we should have constant stress consistency means every day you should get stress every time if there is a small drop after 12 years if you have target to cut then there is a chance for heart would be problem that is why it is extremely healthy it is good in the initial stage but how to maintain it is wrong so we will discuss about secondary metabolism we will discuss about it see this is the very first time this is the first time this is the first time this is the first time what these plants have done is simple what they do is sandal drains extreme nutrients means at least 15 calculate so that is a very difficult task to maintain good so you need active nutrients so how many plants are there I might have to mention This is the mother of the bird Basically this is the nest For this, we are planning to give a permanent host We have given some vermi compost One advantage is that it has grown for a year It has grown for 3-4 feet Left and right After a year, we have given the nest After a year, the nest After pruning, it has become small After pruning, we have given it For the root zone, you have not given anything? No, we have not given anything We have given irrigation in the summer In June, July, August, we have given water In the summer, we have given water In the summer, we have given water But what I am saying is Leaf density is very low If you want to know the difference between the two Look at this side This side has more leaves than this side If you look here, you will definitely have photosynthesis activity This side has more leaves It is a time-consuming place If you look here, you will see the growth It will be very bad The size of the leaf will be big Length and other things are not comparable So, if you are lucky, now Boost up the soil a little Boost up the soil Do you know the size of the leaf? The leaf has dropped a little Here, it has dropped the leaf completely Okay In one year, all this will be gone Yes sir It will be gone to Malabar It has almost gone It has almost gone It will take some time to grow If you cut it now, it will grow again Yes, yes It is not enough to grow It will not grow that much Okay But It will take some time to grow What is it sir? There It is not there It is in the center of the pick-up tent It is not there Yes sir We have done the penning Yes sir We have done a lot of problems It is not there All the inside is marina Inside is a pond Okay, okay, okay It is not there All the night is a cafe Yes sir It is not there We are coming from there Yes sir Yes sir So, now you have planted Malabar Yes sir Now, you have already seen They have planted it in the field with the smell The smell on the field is a little weak But here the border is growing If you see, the fields on the right side These fields Why is it growing so beautifully? The answer is light Light is very important If you want to grow a tree It is very important to plan from the first For the farmer That is why we are doing this video The second reason is The next host will not be able to grow You are seeing There This is our This is our This is our This is how beautifully it has grown with our banyan Two reasons One Because the banyan tree is a big tree Because of this In a small way It will get nutrients It will get strength in a small way Because of the strength of the banyan tree It has grown one feet for three years If the farmer tries it This is the last number I always say Do not cut the banyan too much In the field It is not important to cut a thousand banyans It is not important Cut it to ten banyans Or a hundred banyans It can be sized well Otherwise, it can fall down in a good way Okay So, the purpose of doing this video for the farmers is To help the farmers with a small knowledge The banyan tree has nutrients and host Count three main Don't go above the number Don't do it like you have to put 500 or 600 acres They have put an acre of 400 acres There is no result Because it is a tree And then the host is dying I will tell you to remember this Come to continue this video Aha Now the micro nutrients are DAP If you leave it, it will not give anything Now it is called DAPS It is given for a year It is given for planting time Planting time There is nothing after that
SandalWoodNewsStories_35.mp3:  The story of Raktachandana and Kempu was a big problem for the three kingdoms. That is why, a cover story was given in the story. Raktachandana and Kempu were worth crores of rupees. The kingdom was very rich in foreign people. People used to sit in the front row. When Veerappan was alive, he was very angry with Satyamangala. After his death, Veerappan's men took Andhra to the Aranya region. The people who joined Andhra and the smugglers from Tamil Nadu, they were bitten by Raktachandana. Red sandal, Godhamu. The bloodshed in Andhra's Aranya region was very difficult to manage. The Andhra government created a special security force to catch the bloodshed. After two years, 20 people were killed in the STF shootout. But, the work of the bloodshed was not over. The bloodshed in the Aranya region was not over. If the bloodshed in the Aranya region was to be transferred to other kingdoms, they had to plan it properly. They had to collect the stolen gold on one side. That place was the Kattigaanahalli. Kattigaanahalli's 9th general had a lot of knowledge about the bloodshed. First, he had to dig up the bloodshed and then trade it in the village houses. When the Andhra police were in trouble, he had to dig up the bloodshed and trade it in the Nelagiri Tops. He had to do this with the help of his own hands. He had to do this with the help of his own hands. That's how, we reached that village at night. Kattigaanahalli is not a small town called Meni Pakistan. Only a small part of the people live here. After a short while, we were told that there would be a lot of trade going on there. We were told that there would be a lot of trade going on there. We were told that there would be a lot of trade going on there. When we spoke to the people there, we didn't think that we had a scary environment. When we went further, a group of people stood there. We went with them and came from the back. We talked to them. We started to act as if we wanted the Nelagiri tree. We tried to sell it for a living. After that, we started to fear whether the real death of the Kattikaanahandiya Saudi Business is... ...a real death. What do you think? Will we get our hands on it? We will make it happen. Do you think anyone will become a suspect? We will make it happen. It is a secret. It is a full secret. But will it happen? It will happen. It is a secret. We will definitely find out. I am not drunk. How many people are there in Red sand? There are 10% of them. But you are from Andhra? Yes, we are from Andhra. What is your name? Baba. I will come. Give me your number. I will call you. I will come to you. There is no one from Andhra who can help them. They don't know about me. I will come. I will come to anyone. Are you from Somwara? Somwara Sikuna also gave his mobile number. The day he was told, we went to Gattikanahandi. We were confident that we would get him. But we were there to catch the dealer. But it was a scary experience. We went to the village. We called his number. His number was switched off. We thought that he might come and make us call him. But our imagination was wrong. We were scared. We were scared. But we were scared. We were scared. We were scared. We went to the water tank. We sat there. In a minute, we felt the pain. We were worried about him. I held his hand nit way. My hand was numb when I squeezed him. We thought that he will come and clear us. We threw him into the water. He was murderer. God! We are unable to make make, if 죄 is not caused due to as a fault. They were broken. They are chained. It was hard. They were strangul us. He lost his life in her Dai. We were asked which village you came from and where you came from. We spoke in their language. We called one of the people who had called us. We saw that 20 people with moustache had come. They were Andhra police officers or officers. We asked them to make their first life. We were three people. They were 20 people. We were the only ones who were asked to do that. Sir, move. Move to the left. Move to the right. Move to the right. The car is there. Move. Move. After a while, we were told to move back. We tried to escape from there. But it seemed to be the only way out. We stepped on the blue-collar and came back to the road. We came to the place where the car was parked. The car standing in the road and I was done for. We tried to slip in but the buses caught him off the ground. May I come back? We tried to leave but couldn't. Just a few more minutes we found anotheromination following us and many more runs wirher to their memories. With a ...and went towards the Benglur region. Four- человек hordes of motorcycle were following us. For about 12km they followed us. Based on our warm fundament, we exclusively walked in... They not only followed us, but also sketched us for the final test. After doing all this, should we keep quiet? We will tell you what happened next after a short break.
SandalWoodNewsStories_33.mp3:  Welcome to our Channel. When we start planting the Jutal, it will rain once and then it will rain again. This is not a risk, it will help you to grow the plants. If the plants are well grown, the water will be clean. If we add some fungicide and pesticide, the roots will get shocked. The roots will get shocked and the air gap will be created. There will be no chance of termites or fungus. So we will add some fungicide. After adding fungicide, we will mix it with water and spray it. This will give you some protection. When you add fungicide, you should not add it in the primary host. This is important to remember. You can take it in the primary host or you can add it in the plant. I have mentioned it, right? One can. You should not add it in the primary host. The plant will not grow. It will not be able to grow. The plant will not be able to grow. What is the role of the primary host? The primary host will support the plant for 2 years. After that, it will grow and then it will die. Do you understand? After the plant dies, it will die. After the plant dies, it will die. Once it early dies, the plant will not grow. You will be able to see and know about theiera's nature of the plant. You will be able to understand the environment. Connections will come and so the plant will still be alive. The plant has בת taken a root. You know about the symptoms. When you are done, you will lift the thugiza. You will keep the ... ... 5-6 intervals here. S uniquely here about a month. These are saxamara. Next. Casuarina, Surveyor and Nukya These three trees grow very fast because after the primary host is gone, the secondary host starts to connect If you look at the three trees, all the trees are connected None of the trees are connected to this tree So the root connection of the trees around us comes from these three trees The tree starts to grow If you want to suppress the tree, you have to prune the tree Cut the tree and control the growth Is there any advantage of one species of tree? There are advantages of one species of tree But if you have other trees with different nutrients and advantages, it will be good So in Kolar, the nation is very good So in Kolar, the nation is very good The nation has grown Please subscribe! if you are in a distance of 5 metres from one tree, there will be a space in between in this space, you can grow papaya or any other fruit that you can grow in a year or two you can grow any crop that is grown locally you can grow any crop that is grown in your area you can grow it but it is not necessary because you can grow it in an unwanted way you can grow it in a tractor and maintain it for 5 years till then you can grow it in a cover ground and grow it in a different place you can grow any other crop like this you can grow any other crop usually sandal is suited for dry land mostly so i have made a slide in this way you can grow a lot of trees you can grow a lot of trees and soil now the question arises, sir can you grow cup soil now the question arises, sir can you grow cup soil now the question arises, sir can you grow cup soil they have made sandals for cup soil but what is the use of sandals there is a lot of clay in the sandals when the clay is a little dry, cracks are formed these cracks are caused by the air that is exposed to the wood when the air is exposed to the wood, the wood will become weak it will become weak then the growth will become weak then the growth will become weak so for that what is done is when there is a lot of clay in the cup soil when there are cracks in the soil the crack is moved by operating a plowing disc these things are given irrigation these things are managed by the management but when it comes to cup soil, the problems do not occur this is for your information next one more line is here this line is between the lines in this line 5 meters to 5 meters is there So if you are growing this crop, you should also prepare a nimband in the same way Because this crop will go beyond the roots The roots of that crop will be removed So the nimband root will also go to this Supply of nutrients So if the nimband is removed, the nimband will be safe for the next 5 years That is why the report is shown here Is it clear? Yes, it is clear Sir, I am saying that you should not grow any other plant It should be sandless Do you understand? Because that plant will not lose its nutrients But sand will lose its nutrients That is the first point The plant will not be in the same condition Because the soil is sanded Do you understand? So why should we supply nutrients to the soil that is sanded? Look at that It has been 5 years and 6 years The nimband is growing The surrounding trees will not stop growing In between the 4-5 years of growing, the nimband will not be in the same condition So if you are growing something for 5 years If you are producing something for 5 years The nimband will not be in the same condition So you should give a permanent host to the 4-5 years of growing The permanent host may be a mango or a big tree Or any other plant that is in the same condition for 5-10 years Or any other high yielding dwarf variety Select those and prepare Do you understand? If you are growing any forestry crops If you are growing timber maran When the timber maran is sanded It will not be in the same condition So the primary product of the timber maran is wood And the primary product of the timber maran is wood So the two are in the same condition So it is a competition Yes it is a competition If you are growing a tree For example, in Srinivaspur You have a variety of maran and arcan If you are growing a tree If you are growing a tree You will be giving 10 kg of wood There is no problem There is no problem There is no problem There is no problem If you are growing fruit The yield will be low But if you are growing this There is no problem But when you are growing tree crops The yield will be low There is another one It is a Myriadu I have shown you the Myriadu On the other side Because if you take the Myriadu It will take 4-5 years to grow But making myriadu could not be done It would need many years to get ready And a sandalwood needs a silver The sandalwood needs silver That makes it wet With just that mud Then a sandalwood is ready If sandalwood has the required material That can be used Di entwickelt To grow achieve this It gives beautiful water At low water So all these problems are there, management is very important For that, we have a concept that the tree is not a jungle tree, it is not a tree that is not protected by the sun We have a concept like this, we have to reduce the tree to that concept The tree is very sensitive, you should not even damage the bark The bark is a protective layer, if you stop the bark, there is a higher chance of it getting into the house That's why you should be careful Even if yourゴ الخ country is 5 meters puede стоя When the branch is over there, if the tractor movements go there, they can Jason are over there If it able to stop the tractor400000 If feel a huge damage, no one will be able to be next to it If that會 damage you can stop there Have you heard of NAMM 때문에 plantation, have you ever heard of Job competition Has anyone heard right? There after 17 years was the happiness at our place A employer had to take charge, this wasÖ We had toetto sounded that heÖ He heard us coats an owner of occurrence is an empty character is ear tops This going start and it ended at the answer it 잘 So we started taking photos and videos of the tree It was a very bad experience They expected a 10 kg yield for a tree It was not wrong, it was coming But what they did was They did not see the tree in the middle of the tattoo operation The leaves were already dead The water entered the leaves The inside was very hard It was very bad What did you do? Anytime when we were trying to understand Our entire nature evolved From here to land For that now, this is all of my lessons I did not write these as Papa says I knew Kannaram Because so many thoughts blundered I dont understand So be very careful Take precautions When you are transplanted , you must see the condition of the uterus in the previous year and take care of the matter If you have such a solution....there will be an enormous minute of solutions in your life With contribution from theButtermilk, TheThenu is a staple of Su hog Copyright Nutritionenda www. unpacknitug 미� stink Copyright
SandalWoodNewsStories_41.mp3:  Five villages of Avrat Taluk in Bedar district have been struggling to grow Shree Gandhada trees. Shree Gandhada trees, which have been growing for about 10 to 15 years, were in the mind of what to do next. But now a new challenge has begun for the farmers. Let's see what the challenge is. The Karnataka is called the land of Shree Gandhada. Shree Gandhada is the largest tree in Karnataka. But it is not as high as the other trees. In Karnataka, Shree Gandhada is growing in a very good manner. Along with the growing of Gandhada trees, the Karnataka area has started to grow Shree Gandhada trees in rural areas. What will Shree Gandhada do if it grows in an area like this? What you see now is the views of Avrat Taluk in Bedar. The trees have grown Shree Gandhada trees. Shree Gandhada trees have grown in the lands here. Some of the trees have been planted by Shree Gandhada. The rest of the trees have been planted by Shree Gandhada. The trees have been planted by Shree Gandhada. But the farmers do not know that Shree Gandhada has grown in a different land. The trees that have grown in this way have become a waste. The farmers have started to protest that the police have not used the land for the sake of the land. The land is 16 to 15 kgs. After growing for 13 years, we do not have any security. We do not have the marketing knowledge to change everything. We do not have the marketing knowledge to change everything. The trees grow Shree Gandhada trees at night. Some of the trees have grown in the land. The trees that have grown with the help of weapons have grown Shree Gandhada trees. The farmers have shown the same weapons and have been able to grow other animals. The trees have grown at night. And thes Instead, the tomorrowist for was sight as they have grown the trees themselves. They have all the means to support theclick. Instead, the future life of lack of an idea has evolved. luego por los edidores конф anatomy There are few producers for Zaragoza. Do not see it stop killing do not see it stop killing. If police tensor located at Rajhetchi's jail block police will conduct a search completion of human again Only on TV9
SandalWoodNewsStories_36.mp3: holmart Your time is順다 Two innocent people disappear from the village They're in trouble They brainCause only ourselves No chance Only us three have to see if it isn't We have also been following them. So, you see what happened next. When we were accused of being a big shot, we had returned to office thinking that we don't want to tell this story. But, when we started to face this problem, we took a U turn to see what happened. We had arrested the person who was following us. We had followed those bikes. Those bikes had gone to the gate of the same building. We had parked the bike on the side of the car. They had parked the bike on the side of the bike. At the same time, there was a man who was standing there. He was a policeman. He said, please don't go near that village. We were shocked to hear the reason for that. We stopped to tell the story of that village. We had stopped at the same place. We had stopped at the same place. Is it? It was a little dangerous. It was very dangerous. How did you get hurt? I was badly hurt inside. It happened like that. I was hurt there. No, it was not us. We had come there last night. We were observing the situation. Today, we are not there. I was told to come with the police. They would have caught us. They would have caught us. We are not there. We are not there. I was told to stop and have tea. I was told to look at the other side. We were not there. We were walking in the distance. We were walking in the distance. It was a little bit heavy. Please forgive me. In those places… In the moment of being connected to the Delhi road, We would have become lakhs of people Our Cab in Purnima. We are in a position like that. Around the border, we definitely Unable to connect on road and our car whenegoing. We might not be able to change anymore. they are changing the board wow wow this is K27 after half a kilometer it will be K37 nice after 12 borders it will be Tamil Nadu after 12 borders it will be number 3 they will not say number 3 police will not go there don't touch police will not come they will come but this village is like a village if you are a villager you will be able to understand the face of the village Nandarapolice planned to take a village to West Indra they planned and took it this village is not good because of media and police they are saying that people around the village this was an old constable police teachers감 단 bedeutet to understand the police are arresting us The cover story is standing in front of the building. When the police is seen in front of the building, they say that they are trying to harm us. They say that they will take courage and take the village to the ground. What village is this? Why is the lock on? Who is this? This is the village officer. Why is he here? All these are smugglers. All these are frauds. All these people are smugglers. I have doubt about them. If you have doubt, why are you running? They are the ones who are in jail. They are coming and going. They are normal. They say that they are running and looking for us. I have come to this place. Why are they here? They are coming from the government inspectorate. They are coming to us. Why are they here? Why are the Karnataka police running? Why are they here? I will write this in the newspaper. The politicians are the criminals. In a village like Karnataka, if all these acts and crimes were happening, the police would have been silent. If the police are still against this village, there is nothing more to be ashamed of. Is this a witness to the police's murder? Or did they tie their hands to the place where they knew everything? When they thought about it, the politicians have come forward for the votes that have been lost. When the police went to arrest them, they were the same politicians who said to come back. When they were arrested, they were the same politicians who said to leave. If there were politicians who did such a heinous job for the vote bank, if such mini-Pakistanis would come forward and ask why the separation was made, there would be no surprise. Now, leave your dirty politics. Fix this mess. Break the red sandals that are being worn here. Free the hands of the police. Next week, we will be back with another ROTAKA story. See you in the next episode of Suvarna News. For more information, visit our email address. Our email address is Our email address is Our email address is Our email address is Our email address is
SandalWoodNewsStories_9.mp3:  Our children, our parents, our children should be in that house. If you give 50 lakhs, you will get 1 kg gold. Give 1 kg gold to these sheep. Our farmers should be given 1 kg gold. We should give them a message. Until you have 100 sheep, you will get the blessings of 100 temples. How many sheep do you have? February 2 is the radius of the village. Everyone is in many families. Are they rotting or a stem is torn? Ja sorry? Why do they have a stem? They cannot go on the занимations of'lluffal of this hill. When they were trying to pass by , they fell down and it was nobody there. Give it to him. He will get 500 rupees. He is getting the amount. If he takes the nose, he will get 1000 rupees. This is pure dwarf variety. He is getting the amount. Give it to him. Beauty of. Buy one, get two free. This is one. I will cut this. This is a dhalembe. It is being cut. I will cut one and two. No scheme is going. There is a scheme. Offer is going on. It will be selected in the market. They will also throw the lottery. Buy one, get two free. Two lakhs. I will ask him. I will be happy. But we will not be happy. But those who are happy, will come. Will come. He has grown up in the city. He has grown up in the city. Here also, the power to build the earth is in our hands. Every inch will be of help. Yes. They will give free of Rs.16,000. It is possible. It is possible. There is nothing. What you do, there is nothing. You just cut it. You will see. You will be happy. It is happening. It is happening. Nature is taking care. Taking care. Yes sir. Nature is amazing. Yes sir. All the flour, there is a variety of flour. All for birds. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Give it. You should clear the card.인가, sir, it is good. Manage the fresh! My brother Maryland people are getting them This is more than a comparable ear bang since the roots of such plants are too deep.. Theكرma sits with these fields days fast.. Prawn... the downstream is the paste, then the next time the apple seed snaps. there are no doubt that this seed actually come to our market to get home. not at all, you could beat them. yes so to the birds, and to the classic girls, It is growing at the right time. Will you grow it in the woods? No, we will not let it grow. No, we will not let it grow in the woods. It will grow, eat, drink and so on. We will not let it grow. We will leave it in the forest. We will not do anything. It is like a bird. It will not let it grow. We will not do anything. That is why we have not grown it. Many people come here to collect plants. They will keep it in the forest. Yes, they will eat it. This is fertilizer spec. What we have here is, these are birds. We have brought them here to help the birds. We have brought them here to help the birds. We have made so many droppings. We have multiplied the earthworms and microbes we have made. We have made 100 rupees from 100 rupees. We have made 1000 rupees from 100 rupees. We have made lakhs from 1000 rupees. We have made lakhs from lakhs of rupees. We have not done anything. We have made a whole garden. Many people are complaining about the plants. What have you done for the last 20 years? I have done one thing. I have a house. Beautiful life for me. Here my father-in-law has come down to mine. My younger son has come down to mine. penetrates in the forest. This is a clay pot. near the forest, I would put effort to Watching an ant must grow to this height. Why I am doing this? My father-in-law was saying to me, It is not popped any fungal pocoaur by let you collect it, Will the bird be there? It will eat the bird. I said, Can you stop? He said, I will come in five minutes. I did not say anything in front of him. I said, He might have been standing at the gate. He might have been sitting here. I said, I will come in the morning, I will take the bird and I will bring the bird. I said, If the bird is big, I will bring the bird from North Kannada. He said, Then, I will bring the bird. I said, I will bring the bird from South Kannada. I had a different intention. I wanted to let the bird fly. Let the bird fly to the land. I wanted to take the bird to the small creatures. I wanted to take the bird to the land. I had a different intention. I wanted to spend Rs. 1000 and spend Rs. 5000. I did not know that. I thought I had Rs. 1000. But I got the same profit. I got Rs. 5000 and 50,000. I had a different intention. Wow! That is a good profit. I have another question. I will come back soon. I will come back soon. I will come back soon. Will he come from Mani? Will he come from Chikku? Will he be able to take fruits? Will he be able to take working capital? Will he be able to take Radha? If he has 4 acres of land, he can do 3 acres of traditional farming. He can do 1 acre of Sreekanth Adhar's farming. He can build a 3 crore SBI FDT. If he has any problems, if he has any problems, if he has any problems, if he comes out of that problem, he can think that this is an economic power. Why should he not do it? Why should he not take the sack? A Paan shop owner will buy 20 rupees of pigments per day. 100 rupees per day. A cutting shop owner will buy 100 rupees per day. It is called savings. But if he has 4 acres of land, he can buy any pigments. There are some savings. What is it? Water from the land or water from the land? Water from the land. He can buy anything. If he has any problems for his family, if he has any problems, if he has any problems, he can buy any thing from the land. He can buy any thing from the land. He can buy any thing from the land. What I am saying is, we are all second generation. We are all second generation. We are not farmers. We are not farmers. Our father, if we want to be good, he has to work hard. His hard work is what we are doing today. is what we are doing today. If he himself had to work hard, if he had to work hard, he could have grown 3 acres of land in 4 acres of land. I am not saying that he can't grow 100 acres. He can grow 1 fourth of that land. He can grow 1 fourth of that land. He can grow 1 fourth of that land. He is not a big farmer. If he can, then he can grow 1 fourth of that land through the same, means he can't grow 2 thirds of that land now but slowly, he will be able to graduate. Now, he will not do that in 10 years. Now, by using 1 third of that land, he will have a land of areas that are not accessible first. The fewest area needs to beoked slightly. He will not need the land to certain으로 for which we had only 2 arctures. I don't have a big pocket, but I have dreams. That gives me strength. I have a very big pocket. You don't have dreams? No, I don't get tired at 9 o'clock. I sleep with alarm. I don't have any dreams. I don't have any important dreams. I had dreams. I used to wake up at 1 o'clock in the morning, and wake up at 5 in the morning. Dreams give me strength. Dreams make me strong. I have a dream visa. I have a long distance relationship with my friends. From the bottom of the group, there are many friends. They come and fight with me. Every month, on Wednesday, we have a group discussion. They are all about agriculture. They are all about do's and don'ts. Every month, on Wednesday, at 9 o'clock in the morning, we have a discussion about agriculture. We have a discussion about agriculture. We have a discussion about agriculture. We give them information and show them the methods. We feed them with tiffin. We have a free of cost. Every month, on Wednesday, at 9 o'clock in the morning. They come and fight with me. I have a dream visa. If you have a 4-acre land, you can grow 3 acres of land. Out of 4 acres, you can do agriculture with 1 acre. You can do seed production with 3 acres. You can grow oil, vegetables, and do floriculture. You can do anything. You can do anything. You can grow vegetables, fruits, and other things. You can grow butter fruit, and other things. If you grow 300 acres, it will take 15 to 20 years to grow. It will be like a medium. We have discussed this. If you grow 10 acres of oil, and if there is a 4% oil content, it will take 10,000 kgs. 10 kgs. 1 lakh per person. 300 per person. 3 crores. If you think about it, if you give 3 crores to the state bank, and if you come to our family, if you come to our family with any difficulties, if you come to our family with any difficulties, you will get economic strength. The day goes on. 6 years, 8 years. Then, you will get a land gain. You will get a message from the society that you have been growing oil for 8 years. You will get a message from the society that you have been growing oil for 8 years. After 10 years, you will get a CC camera, dogs, a small dog, a small dog, a small dog, and you don't even need to import the dog. You don't need anything. You can just tie a dog to the camera, and put it around the house. Live fencing and windbreaker. It will take 15 years, 16 years, it will be cut, 3 crores will come. I will give you a currency. 1 crore is a good money cut. For our small people. For the self-respect, for the dignity, for the character, for the life of our children, our parents, our parents, we need that money. For a crore's house. A quality life. A self-respecting life. We need that. That is the real value we need. 1 crore is a money cut. If you give 50 lakhs, you will get 1 kg gold. If you give 1 kg gold to a cow, you will get 1 kg gold. If our cow becomes 1 kg gold, you need a message. Why I am saying this is because, if they do farming, they will not get any profit. Yes. But we are growing vegetables, what? We are growing wheat. We are growing rice. We are growing wheat from Koti Vidya. We are growing wheat from Jai Vagali, Jai Javan, Jai Kisan. But what is happening in reality is, they will not get any profit because they are farming. They will not get any profit. So, we need to change that. How to change that? We need to understand this. If our cow becomes 1 kg gold, all the other cows will be dead. If the other cow is also a cow, I will also become 1 kg gold. I will also become 1 kg gold. We need a message. 1 crore's house, 1 kg gold for 50 lakhs. Don't make a profit of 50 lakhs. FD the children's work. Don't be afraid of making a profit of 1 crore. Make a profit for the children. Give good quality education to the children. Give good quality education to the children. Children will become a good asset. 2 crores. Give 1 crore more. Do good business. Do good farming. Don't be a bad person. Don't be a bad person. Don't go to any leader's house. One is for MLM, another is for MP. May be booze, White pant or Ingbee. If an big Lt roves. If a boy roves. He too will alert the children. Their堪 civic connection with Ivayati, he too will alert the students. Boss, Appaji. They too are capable of that. Ofc they can make 10 crore just for that single lumbar Filmy. Every farmer's work Every blood of his son will be the result of his hard work. Every son should go to the house of the Lord. It is a big sin. No one should be given shelter. No one should go to the house of the leader. We should give support to the animals and the birds. We should give them the responsibility of social responsibility. We should give them the responsibility of social responsibility. And make them financially successful. There is a life of economic, health, and self-respect. There is also a life of spirituality. When he built a hut of trees and made it a temple, and left the mud and the fire to go there, he never went there. You can build your own houses. You can build your own houses. After all that, their motherland. You should not leave it. kı Louisiana This is what is called texts. This is also tried at Near Kyala's temple. They actually ask by using prayers. The small criwa made the sky white and ears myself from on top of the colour of the edges of the soil. And then seven different things. It was written. It blinded him all the time. If you see a eagle, it will drive you to that place and then take you out of that place and become the mother of one's own. It is like a God's ear. Why do we say that agriculture is a property of the poor? Why do we say that the higher education is better than the higher education? This is the same. In this, the spiritual life is the economic, health and ideal. If we have a small land, should we do agriculture even for ourselves? Why should we not do it? It is possible. If we have a big land, should we do it for ourselves? What will our elders say? What will our sages say? What will our darshanikas say? What is better than building a temple? There is a temple for everyone. There is a temple for all. There is a temple for all. But there is nothing for a temple. Who will it give food? Who will it give shelter? Who will it give land? Who will it give caste? So, the one who built a temple, I have done a good deed, I will tell you. So, until you build a temple, you will get the merit of building 100 temples. 100 temples. So, this is one What is this? Every farmer, on our land, if we have 20-10 paise, we can do it. We have to do it. Ok sir. Thank you sir. No, do it. There is no big landlord. We can do it. Because, his family had this. Then, tomorrow, his children will give. Now, we, 40. We have got 82 paise. Now, wherever we have gone, we have gone here, we have gone to Belgaum, we have gone to Dharavada, we have gone to Ubudi. After graduation, we have come here. But, we have gone to all places. We have gone to P.V.C., Degree, 10th, High School. Now, we have gone to all places. We have gone to Sardar Vallabhai Patel, we have gone to Modi, we have gone to all places. We have gone to all places. We have gone to our mother. We have gone to her. We have gone to every son. After doing, there is one side. He has asked, Hey, our father is good. He has lived here. He has lived here. He has lived here. He has lived here. But, if we go there, there is nothing we can do. That one strong man can do it. Good man can build it. That person can be built by any evil powers. This is a farming family, actually, these are a farming family. Because, their every food is fair. So, there is that power in it. So, anytime, no matter how much he is, that Kursika is like that God, he is visible, this is happening. He is being worshipped everywhere. He is worshipping himself everywhere. Don't discuss it too much. All these can lead to a wonderful life. All these problems can be solved. All these rituals, all these can be done by our family members to build a wonderful family. I have left the banana tree. Sir, I have not yet finished. Come, let us eat. It is very hot. It is very hot. It is very hot. This is for Kursika. May God bless you. Eat well. Music. Music. If you want to watch all the episodes of Kalamadhyama, Kalamadhyama YouTube channel. Subscribe. Click on the bell icon. Do not miss it. You can read all the episodes of Kalamadhyama, visit www.kalamadhyama.com and read the interviews. The culture of reading is high. Thank you. Music.
SandalWoodNewsStories_1.mp3:  In the field of money, Srikanth is the best Those who have a lot of water can grow Those who don't have borewells can grow The camera we have is If your eyes are connected to that camera Your reference number will come Yes yes yes The technology has developed We need a reference One kilo of Srikanth The Karnataka government is changing it to Karnataka at a rate of 5 lakh rupees per kg We should know this Sandalwood is a commercial name We call it sandalwood Australia calls it sandalwood Hawaii Island calls it sandalwood This is a definition of sandalwood But our sandalwood is called sandalum album There is sandalwood in Australia It is called sandalum spiketum There is sandalwood in Hawaii Island In different parts of the world There are about 16 different types of sandalwood Sandalum album Sandalum spiketum Sandalum ascent Sandalum ascent Sandalum album Sandalum album This is called queen of sandalwood Today this chemical composition This is a good thing This is a scientific experiment Santalol 95% Santaline 4% Santin 1% Which is the ideal chemical composition of sandalwood That is The only good thing in the world That Srikantha is getting We can get it in Karnataka The physiological factors like soil, water and climate are the most important elements of the world. These are the most important elements of our country. In Kannada, the land of sandalwood, sandalwood and sandalwood is the home of the moon. From the ancient times, the Adhika, Rana, Pampa and Aliganar came to Kannada. The land of sandalwood, sandalwood and sandalwood is the home of the moon. From 1600 years. That means their knowledge is amazing. They have learned the language, they have learned the tantra, they are very smart. But today, they don't have any communication skills. Today, they don't have any communication skills. They don't have any tantra knowledge. But look at their knowledge. They have learned that wherever there is a wonderful place in the world, wherever there is a beautiful place, they have learned that it is in the land of Kannada. They have brought that knowledge. See, in our country, Bevu, Alasu, Bashiru, Vanni, Ala, Harali, they have brought the wonderful things. That too, it gives the support to the birds, it gives the support to the environment, it gives the support to the earth, it helps the earth to grow, it gives the support to the environment, the earth is growing. But, is this a bird's nest? Is this a bird's nest? Is this a bird's nest? This one? This is the blood moon. Take all these sandals, all these. This is the bird's nest, this is the bird's nest. This is the sandalwood. There is a big one here. If the other one has not a name, it will die. It will die. What is that? This is a Paravalambi Sassi. It is basically a semi-root parasite. It is basically parasitic in nature. Paravalambi? Yes, yes. We need a support for this. Is it? That is why we have brought it here. This is a Paravalambi Sassi. It is basically a semi-root parasite. This is a Kurichalu Sassi. Even though there are big trees, it is called the Chandanada Bheedu in Karnataka and Gandhaga. Because, the wonderful soil, water and air that is available in this place, which is available in the entire world, is here. The Uttakushta Matas Srikanta that comes here does not come anywhere. I am a Srikanta Bhaldi of 100 acres. And this is 5000 acres in our area. 5000 acres? This is India's biggest sandalwood cluster. You can see the sandalwood cluster here. Kopplarajishtik is India's biggest sandalwood cluster. Wow! There are about 3 professors here. They are from Karnataka, Andhra and Tamil Nadu. They are my former PhD students. I will show you all of them. Yes. So, about today, all of this has been done in a grand way. Yes. All of it? Yes. That is, one group has been here. They have a place here. They have a place to do conference in the AC room called Global Warming. They have a place to do boot and blazer. A group of people have been here to do hand and leg exercises. They are talking and they are talking. About 1000 acres of forest is being constructed in our area. This is not an ordinary place like Koppala district. From the beginning, this place was a place of prosperity for the whole world. This place has become a place of wealth. From today, the quality of the forest is being produced here. Soaps, cosmetics, perfumes, powder, all the products are produced here. The market for this place is Koppala. It has that much power. We have made Dalimbi a part of the world. This is the land that we have made for the world. This is Dalimbi headquarters? Yes sir. When you see all this, you will see that this is a big Asiatic city. So, this is the world's largest forest. In our Koppala district, there are 5000 acres of forest. We are talking about the same rate. The current rate is 28. Even if we take this rate, we can give you Rs.15000 crores of raw material. That power is in our land. This is the district. Rs.15000 crores of forest is worth products. Yes sir. And, there is economic survival in the land. There is economic survival. There is economics. There is economic survival. We need to live a life of self-respect, a life of virtue, and a life of virtue. We need to have that reality. But, what we call as Sreekanth Adharitha Kurshiyaranya, Sandalwood centric agroforestry model. What do we do with this? There is not only economic survival in this. Along with economic survival, there is also a health survival. There is a life of self-respect. There is a life of spirituality. There is a life of self-respect. There is a life of self-respect as well. What is this? Here, the land itself is a shelter for animals and birds. It gives the environment a shelter. It is social responsibility. If we establish a social job, and survive economically, we are in a state of poverty. That is a power. Why? Our people say, agriculture is a crime against wealth. Why? In the same era, when did we come? What did you say? When the computer came, we came. We came. From the time of the 100s of people, our ancestors, they said that agriculture is a property of the poor. Agriculture is a property of the poor. In the same era, business is a thought of betrayal. But, when it comes to agriculture, how much respect it has. You are now telling the birds to mix. Yes. Here you see, many of the birds of the people are inside. You can see the body inside. Shoes should be there. Here, a garden is built. That means, the land is being built by itself. A social responsibility, to ensure the social responsibility. Why did the corona come today? Why did you get a cold? Why did you get a cold? Why did you get cancer? It is a crime committed by itself. It is not a crime. We have to use the power to stop it. You should study it completely. You should experience the corona coming. The power to fight the corona, we should use that power. We should use that power. This hybrid food, this pollution, this life of the poor, from this, it was to fight it. It was there in the early 1000s. You should study it deeply. You will understand. Corona was there. But we don't have the courage to fight it. We don't have the courage to fight it. We have a lot of things. Even if we get a small problem, we need tablets, we need an earth injection, we need a 5000 rupee expense. When we get that, what happened today? Corona is still coming. What is happening now is, look here, there is no Jeera dust. Yes. I was talking about this with our brother Rasool. Before you came here. Here, there is no Jeera dust. If you see in Bangalore, in Koppala district, there is a fire, there is a flood, there is a flood, there is a flood, there is no water, there is no water, there is no water. That is wrong. We are creating a Malayalee by giving the earth a smell. We are all, we have a complete group. We need to build a forest in Bishile. We need to build a forest in Bharatanadu. That forest should be a smelly forest. It should be a sea-scented bed. Yes. There is possibility. Because it is a very native species of us and it is a very adaptable species. That means? It will come to us easily. Yes sir. And also, if there is no special technology for this it will grow one by one. Oh. There is no need for any big bando. Now, we have heard that you can get a few comments when you broadcast this on YouTube. That this is a waste, this and that. Yes. There are exaggerated figures. Yes, they are exaggerating. There are so many people like that. Always, a strong belief, self-confidence, and a strong interest on work. That is required. I will talk to you quietly, nothing will happen. I need to do something. I need to do something. One thing is, we have seen it all. A big gentleman in any state, in any big institution, he is not getting an IAS. He is getting a rank for his work in a temple. He is getting an IAS pass. Why? Strong belief, self-confidence, and a strong interest on work. That consistent effort is required. Oh. So, what is happening now is, Sri Ganda, we are the second generation of farmers. Our father, Dalembe. Dalembe farmer, he has made a financial contribution. Devendrapa Baluti. He is the head of this area. He is the head of National Dalembe Farmer Association. National Farm Grant Growers Association. He is the vice president. He has made a significant financial contribution. But, who can take a grill with the wrong land, that person, can get a myriad of типа. What can i say, beyond this, bridha bilat who can take a grill with a strong belief, he shows acquired skills, for this. He should work hard, for one or two K.s. I dont say this so excessively We have done that. He has been 나가í on Farm Gags. Farm Gargs. He has worked on it. I am doing this only. I am not doing this to say that I can do farming in the field of vegetables. It is not possible. I don't need anything like that. I am doing this project only. I am doing this project only. Step by step. I have planted plants and plants in the field of vegetables. There are no water sources. There is no borewell. I am doing this wonderfully. But even in the middle of this, I am planting Sri Gandha. But this is not something that we can do easily. This is a land of sand. This is a land of sand. But in addition to this, in the field of agriculture, there is a huge effort. You know the name of the plant. Sandalwood oil. A quality Sri Gandha oil. Today KSDL Moisu sandal. KSDL Retailing. 5 grams and 10 grams. Two packing. Half a bag and one bag. One bag is 5000. 10 grams. Because, we need a basis. Today, one bag of Sri Gandha is 5000 rupees. 10 grams. 10 grams is 5000. 100 grams is 5000. One kilogram of Sri Gandha is today, Karnataka government is increasing in Karnataka itself. The rate of 5 lakh rupees per kg. We should know this. Today, Karnataka government is increasing in Karnataka itself. One kilogram of Sri Gandha is 5 lakh rupees. That is increasing in our day, in our eyes, in our ears. That means, what is increasing now, is it increasing in the whole world? It is not a problem of disease or disease. That means, we are following that method. That is the rule. When we are following that method, we are not giving any advantage to this. But, because of this, we will understand one thing. When we take a project in the management, we will see the strength. What is the strength of that project? We have done SWOT analysis. We have done SWOT analysis. We have strength, weakness, opportunities and threats. Now, there are no threats. Threats are a challenge. SWOT became SWAK. Challenge. If we look at this standard routine, there is a challenge. Protection. Because it has a great power. What is that sir? Great power. It is not a problem. Sir, what happened is, in the government world, all the properties, all the property, but none of them are there. Government. What a great opposition. Office. All of them. Tax office. Government hospital. All of them. Government hospital. Hey, why? Our property. All of them. But none of them are there. They eat there and they live there. Do they live at their house? See, the hospital. How much it is built, how nice it is. All the properties are destroyed. That is why, it is related to this. That type of nature. What is happening now is, if there is a public place, no one has a job there. That is a public place. Public. Public property. But what is happening here, you have come here, I will give you my Aadhar number. You have covered around 3 cameras. What is the camera in us? If your eyes are connected to that camera, your Aadhar number will come. The technology has developed so much. Now, technology has developed so much, the market has developed so much. We are living in a global era. We are living in a global era. We are living in a global era. Globalization. We have to do our own thing. We have to make a camera, a nice camera. Come here. See. No, never. Impossible. No one will come to our place. Your people's land will not come to our place. Our people's land will not come to us. Our neighbors will not come to us. We will do what we know to do. Yes. If anything happens to me, even here the farmers will be experienced. If anything happens to me, what will happen to me, it will be in our hands. We will see. So, this is a very high risk, there is a return. High risk, high returns. No risk, no returns. Both will go equally. What is happening is, because there is a price, the color is shown. There is no price, it is not there. So, we have to take a complete process. We have to give knowledge there. Now we have the opportunity. There is a military knowledge. A very high military knowledge. Now we can put cameras, sensors, traps, dogs. Then we can do fencing. Fencing is not to be built as a compound. I will show you a bamboo shop. It is a bed. It is a bed. If we put one at 5 feet, it will be a compound of 20 feet. It will be a good live fencing and a good wind breaker. If it is 20 feet, a big one can be built as a compound. It will be a net dress. It is thorny bamboo. We have to take all these from the process. We have to make it as a SSV. All these are different. Strawberry Goa. Star gooseberry. All these you have not seen. Cardamom, Cloves, Cinnamon. All these are different. Palaveli. Allspice. Eggfruit. Eggfruit. Muttehennu. Eggfruit. Eggfruit. Canistel. Oh! Pala channa. Drink it. This is Garcinia Indica. This is also good for the liver. Drink it. It is good for the liver. It purifies the liver. Garcinia Indica. Yes. This is a natural herb. All these are good for the liver. This is Amla. This is allspice. We do not get this. Sambar ingredients. I will show you. Why are you coming? Why are you not coming? I am checking. Can't we get this in some land? This is a natural herb. This can be a Bishlinadu. This can be a Bharathanadu. This is a Bharathanadu. This is a Malayalee plant. Yes. This is a western Gattakandam. This is a Malayalee plant. I have a cardamom. Cardamom. Curry leaves. All these are allspice. Allspice. All these are Malayalee species. Allspice. Coffee, cardamom, Cloves, curry leaves. All these are berries. This is cardamom. This is cardamom. Is this cardamom? Yes. You come to Koppala district and get cardamom. I am shooting it now. When? When I am shooting. It is grown in Malnadu. I too will get it. It is growing here. Seeing is believing. Coffee, cardamom. Coffee. Coffee is available in Koppala. Coffee is available in Chitmangalur. This is a practice. Sir, there is a manse here. It is visible. Nothing special. Nothing has been made of cardamom. Cardamom means? Yes. No medicine. See. Britishers came for this. Yes. So, we have to make a water for flowering. What is flowering? For that, we need natural shade. We need humidity. These are all shade loving species. They are made of water. Water will be dumped here. Distribution is done here. Water is held here. This is not a borewell. This is for the gardeners. What will you do here? You don't have a canal? No, we don't have any canal. Water is coming to the borewell. These are fruits called Bokova. You have seen this. They have grown fruits. This is Sindor. This is fine. Look at this. I am telling you how beautiful it is. I am telling you how beautiful it is. Yes. These are all miracle fruits. These are all miracle fruits. These are all miracle fruits. These are all miracle fruits. What is this? This is mulching. Weed will not come. These are star fruits. You have seen them. Yes, these are star fruits. These are star fruits. These are red custard apples. These are Kemp sitaphala. Kemp sitaphala. You have seen sitaphala. Red sitaphala. These are all Sebu. They are all fresh and fresh. Sebu. These are Hrmn 99 variety. These are Hrmn 99 variety. They grow in our Bissell area. These are Anna variety. These are Sebu. These are Sebu. These are Red custard. They grow in our Bissell area. Yes, we have seen them there. But they are growing now. Are they young? Yes. They are ripe. These are Golden bamboo. These are Golden bamboo. These are Bambusa bamboo. These are Buddha bamboo. There are many varieties of bamboo. There are many varieties of bamboo. They are growing. Will you go there? Yes. I have studied. I have studied. I have studied. I have studied. Correct? Yes. You can read all country's Get-Tź Greetings On www.kalamadhyama.com
SandalWoodNewsStories_45.mp3:  Music Greetings, I am Vasanth. I am here to tell you about a place which is very famous in Karnataka. This place is not famous for its history or any other reason. I am here to tell you about a place which is very famous for its history. I am here to tell you about a place which is very famous for its history. This is a forest nursery. This is a nursery made by Aranya Ilaqi. You may ask why our village has a nursery. But this place is the same as that of Hetchikar. This is a nursery made of the thick trees of Karnataka. This nursery is unique. All nurseries are famous but this nursery is exclusive to the thick trees. It is amazing. I have about 10 lakhs of friends here. I have 10 lakhs of friends here every year. This nursery is not only available in Karnataka but also in all the surrounding states. This nursery is the one which provides the thick trees in Karnataka. This nursery is located in Kolara district, Srinivaspura town, 7 km from Srinivaspura town. I have come here to tell you about this nursery. I would like to introduce Ashok Reddy who is the owner of this nursery. Ashok Reddy is the owner of this nursery. Greetings. Greetings. I am very happy to see that you are maintaining all these beautiful trees. When did you start this nursery? We started this nursery in 2011. We started this nursery in the last 25 years. It was very difficult to manage the trees. We had to put them in a bag for treatment but it was not being managed. We had to put them in a bag for treatment but it was not being managed. We were given a lot of warm milk and most soaps.ξ What are the seeds you grow from? Sir, we are providing 800 to 900 kg of beja. 900 kg beja? Yes sir. Can you tell us the process of sowing the beja? We take the beja and then we put it in a bucket and then we put it in a bucket of water for 10 to 15 hours. We do not need to do any other treatment. We leave the beja for 10 to 20 days. We put it in a bucket and then we put it in a bucket of water and then we sift it. Then we sift it and the coffee color beja starts. We take the beja and add 1 gram of zebrali custard to 4 kg of beja. If the zebrali custard is not digested, we add alcohol mixture. We add 90 ml of alcohol and add 2 liters of water to 1 kg of beja. We add 1 gram of zebrali custard to 4 kg of beja and then we sift it again. We add the water and then we sift it. We add 2 liters of water to 1 kg of beja and then we add 2 ml of it. We add 2 ml of it to 1 kg of beja and then we sift it again. We add 2 limes to 1 kg of bepa. Wait 5 to 10 days and do not use any other medicine according to this diet. Then we rest it stat for 3 months and then we drink it. After about 5 to 10 days 5 to 10 days after that we build a bed. After 3 months the bed beja gets أنd it becomes a bed about 1 to 2 feet tall which is considered Gregorian cow meta. then, we will take care of people's to 나 then only we will Dhheyaj alexander please comment on multi realism thetta how many seeds are grown in this crop? in Kerala we have grown 80% in local we have grown 40-50% is this the same amount? yes so you have grown 40% in this crop? yes, 40% 80% of the crop is grown in the Naxal area and we have to go down there so we have failed you have grown this much in May or January you are growing this much and you are selling this much we started in November and December we started this as a treatment we have been giving this for 2 years this year it rained a lot we lost our harvest we are continuing this and we have succeeded in this when will you give this to the people? in June so you are giving this to the farmers how will you give this for free? we have a scheme called Christiana process we have a scheme called Christiana process we give this to farmers 3 rupees per acre and after the crop is grown and after the crop is grown we give this as a fee for the 3 years of the crop we give this for Rs. 110 per acre 6.5 kg of crop is taken it is given in different districts we have a scheme called RSPD we give this to farmers how much will you give them when the crop comes? we give it limited to each person does each person have to water it? how much water you need to bring? we will give 400 gm of water per acre we will limit it to 500 gm what about the people who have half an acre? we will give 100 gm per acre we will give 100 gm per acre we will give 100 gm per acre for the people who want to take the forest how many 10 lakhs of trees are there every year? from the year 2013 to 2014 we are increasing the number of trees from the year 2018 to 2018 so there is no drought? no there is no drought the demand for the land is high the demand for the land is high so you have heard about the nursery you have heard about the 10 lakhs nursery you should come and visit it will make you happy because it is still in the early years all the stages are still in full bloom it is still in full bloom it is still in full bloom you should come and visit our village Srinvaspur you should come and visit Ashok Reddy you should come and visit all the trees are still in full bloom we will tell you how many trees are there in the nursery how many trees are there in the nursery how many trees are there in the nursery every tree has its own every tree has its own so for our people this Ganda nursery 10 lakhs our Mysore kingdom our Ganda kingdom our Ganda kingdom will be even more famous with Naveen Kumar with Ashok Reddy thank you
SandalWoodNewsStories_43.mp3:  Hi India, Today I am in Bangalore. Actually, the rarest of rare person personality we are interviewing today regarding sandalwood. Actually, in recent days, sandalwood is booming. You all know that. So, the rarest of rare person I came to Bangalore to interview. So, we have Anantha Padmanabhan here. Hello Sir. Hello. So, we came to interview him. Actually, he is the father of sandalwood. So, we will learn some tips regarding sandalwood cultivation and nursery from him. So, come. Sir, what is your opinion regarding sandalwood? Like our viewers. Regarding sandalwood, I have received a lot of messages. I have seen that in Karnataka, there is a sandalwood shop. Now, there is a Durga Sandalwood shop. Because, our sandalwood production is very low. In 1975, we were producing 5000 tons of sandalwood from 4 to 5 thousand tons. Now, the situation is such that, the total quantity of sandalwood is about 250 tons. And, no one is selling oil. So, the Karnataka shoppers, they need about 70 to 80 tons of sandalwood per year. So, they take oil and use it. So, no one is selling it. If this situation happens, our country will be completely destroyed. So, the forest department has not taken much responsibility. In Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, and other places, the Karnataka forest department has not taken much responsibility. So, the demand for sandalwood is very high. If we want to meet the demand, we need to participate in private activities. We need to make sure that all the private owners also produce sandalwood. If this is done, it will definitely help the sandalwood industry. Sir, should the private industry take any permission? Or, should everyone produce sandalwood? No one has been allowed to produce sandalwood. So, in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, the forest department has made an amendment. In 2000, or 2000, according to this amendment, anyone can produce sandalwood. The sandalwood is produced there. The sandalwood is produced there and declared as their own property. But, to make it a part of the business, the forest department has to take the responsibility. The forest department has to take the responsibility. It is a very strict policy. We have not worked with the private landowners. They don't have any rights. The forest department has given us the certificate of the landowner. We are not working with the agricultural producers. We are working with the forest department. We are working with the landowner. We are working with the forest department. We are working with the landowner. Ellazhin Decreased the den Alfred Roenck The landowner says, how did you get me into forest Sk excellency? That landowner says, The landowner says, how did you get me into the forest!" Everyone feels that the landowner is slightly braided. Fresh sand. These, if taking another approach, may become the province. Hence by determining these rules, Dr. Ganesh is making great progress. Although he is somewhere known and versuchen to keep him, because of the same chce and of his status as a government in India, his situation is also very retiredse that is why he could not reach open access to this. Hence by developing these rules and policies, we are aiming to develop these policies. I heard that Karnataka Govt is supporting this. What are the rules for each state? Or will all the states have the same rules? No, even the rules are the state subject. Each state has its own rules. After the Ganda, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra, no state has any rules on the Ganda. They will change it. Only Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala have these rules. Sir, one more thing. Actually, people are talking about seeds. First, the question is, how to get permission to plant seeds. So, many people are getting down there. They are saying that they don't want to plant sandalwood. Another step is, which seed should be planted, which is the best. This is a very common doubt. What is your opinion? Which seed should be planted? According to the old forest system, the tree should be planted well, and the seeds should not be taken. That is a pure mistake. Because, when a tree is planted with a flower, when the flower is planted with a plant, it should be planted reproductively. Okay sir. So, we have not stopped for 22 years. It is coming in 4 years, it is coming in 5 years. We have collected the seeds. We have to cultivate it and use it. Oxford Dictionary has not applied PRR. What they have applied is, when a tree starts to bloom, it will be reproductively matured. So, if it is reproductively matured, it can't be cultivated sweetly. Then a tree should be planted in a shower or direct out, then it develops to decay and then it calms in the sun. Then a tree becomes donut. People should not grow sweetness in a shower. So, she الت怒�jesu kam engine We can use this seed for growing vegetables. So, we can grow any type of vegetables. Sir, I have taken seeds from IWST. When I took it, I compared it with the seeds sold in the market. IWST seeds are actually available. But the seeds sold in the market are very small. So, what is the difference? We have studied seeds and made them into three types. One is small, medium and the other is big. We have made them into three types. Even if we take the medium size, it will be good. We have also taken seeds from the fields and dried them. We have dried them. We have dried them. We have taken seeds from the fields and dried them. So, we can get good germination. We can get good germination from small and big seeds. So, the assumption is that if we take the big seeds, we can get good germination. No, that is wrong. If we take the big seeds, we can get more fatty acid content. If we take the small seeds, we can get less. So, germination has nothing to do with that. So, we can take seeds for 5,000 years. Yes, seeds are grown for 2 years. One is grown in April and the other is grown in September and October. We can take seeds for any season. Sir, you are making seeds for nursery. What is your idea? How many saplings can be grown per kg? In 1 kg of seeds, we can get seeds for 5 to 5,000 years. That is a well-implained seed. 50% of the seeds will definitely get germination. 50% will get germination. If we take seeds, we can get all the seeds in the seed bed. Yes, sir. All approximately, 100 to Own Dates can be ki Ist prayed by the Lord __ The water will definitely come out of the seeds and and we will see a lot of growth in the seeds that have grown at that poplar. We will get starSEED tomatoes. If we use this seedарgo for our999% damage, We can get a huge harvest. We root so many tomatoes we can gives. The first thing we do is spray the fungus and insects. We spray once a day. When we spray, the seeds that we sow do not give any good results. When we sow, we get a fungus called fusarium and a fungus called pithium. Similarly, we get a fungus called nematode. When we mix the nematode and fungus, it will definitely harm the plant. To find out more about this, we mix it with insecticide. We mix it with insecticide. We spray it with insecticide for two weeks. Even if you have this disease, you can easily control it.
SandalWoodNewsStories_53.mp3:  So now I am putting increment borer to test the hot wood formation in the sun root tree. It is around 4 and half year old tree and girth is around 40 cm. And I am putting increment borer to remove the core sample to test the hot wood of the tree. So now I am putting increment borer. It is going inside and after that we will remove the core sample. So in that core sample we can test the hot wood as well as sap wood. Now I have applied spoon and I am removing the core sample. So you will know what is the extent of hot wood here. Not yet started. I think light smell is there. I think there is initiation of hot wood. So there is a color change in the sap wood. So that is the indication of formation of hot wood in the young tree also. Okay congratulations very nice. Thank you. Light has come. Still not yet but it has started. So how do we close it? Will there be any effect on the growth? We will put one stick to close the hole. Within 3 months it will ignite.
SandalWoodNewsStories_63.mp3:  This is a 7-8 year old grill We grill it in this way If we grill it for 10 minutes If we grill it for 20-30 years It will cost us 8-10 lakhs No one should be afraid To grill this grill It will cost us 3-4 lakhs It is very safe to cut it It is not possible to cut it So in every house There is a place It is not possible to grill it for 7-8 years After 7-8 years If we grill it like this We will definitely get a 10 lakhs profit We can say No one should be afraid In every house If we place a place It will definitely get a good result Similarly If we place a place It will definitely get a good result
SandalWoodNewsStories_46.mp3:  Hello, I am here to show you my new plant. I have brought it here. I planted it last year in August 2018. It is 3 months old plant. It is 6-7 months old. When I got it, it was half-half. Now it is 2-3 feet tall. I have planted it here. This is the first plant. I have cut the leaves and planted it here. It is about 2 acres. It has 600 ganda. And about 150 ganda. Blood sandalwood. I have made 100 ganda. I have planted this one-inch plant here. I have planted it here. It is about 2-3 feet tall. It has 600 ganda. It has 700 ganda. It has 700 ganda. Our last plant was 30 feet tall earlier. The last plant has been cutting. It to about 10 feet tall. When I saw it earlier, it was half-foot tall. It has been almost 2 feet tall. After cutting, it has grown to be 150-200 ganda. I did cut it because it had grown a lot, but it still does not grow as well as the last plant. It is one型. After cutting, it still got more size. It is one hybrid. Our master plants last eight years. grass and buradan soil is cluttered seven years Horn set five years Kons<|la|> There mother a few months we came here yesterday and now we are here we have cut all the trees we have cut the trees for the smell in the middle we have cut the trees from the last place we have dug 6 feet deep to the ground we have left it next to it we have dug for a year after that we have decided to dig a pit in the middle it is about 5-6 feet deep now the pit is being dug very soon so for this rainy season we have dug a pit in the middle so we have dug a pit for at least 2-3 years we have planned to dig a pit
SandalWoodNewsStories_52.mp3:  Every day one video at 9 am for you Ayurveda Panchakarma and yoga videos are being watched on our channel Subscribe to our channel and press the bell icon next to it like and share Namaste dear viewers I am Dr.P.K.Praveen Ayurveda and Marmalachi Kitsa Thakna Vidyanagara,Dhavanagiri Today's topic is Sri Ganda In Karnataka, Sri Ganda was growing in a time of heralava Today it is virala Sri Ganda has a religious background In our puja rituals Sri Ganda has a very good status Why? Because it has the quality of smelling the fruits It has a religious background It has a religious background Sri Ganda has a very good status What is the characteristic of Sri Ganda? Before using Sri Ganda as a medicine Let us see the qualities of Sri Ganda Sri Ganda is a very powerful substance It is a powerful substance It gives strength and strength to the body How to use Sri Ganda? Sri Ganda's sugar Ganda's sugar is given in a glass That powder is added to 2 lots of water 1 spoon of Sri Ganda sugar It is soaked and reduced to half That sugar is taken in the morning and evening All the related fruits What is that? 2réf objective That means 0 complicated Separating them No 2 more Let's Roma B escr Try it 3rd part along with this, this is called as varanya which gives a glow to the face and a glow to the skin that power is there in this Shri Ganesha the method of the process of the process of the process in the water that we have placed, we have placed the flame of Shri Ganesha and placed that water in the place this gives a fragrance to the body in one way and with that, daily, in a pot, in the house of God we put the fragrance of the pot in the water and make the fragrance to be applied to the face and leave it for an hour, and wash it in cold water the impurities in the face are getting removed the dark circles are getting removed any type of skin diseases are getting removed we have seen this in our practice so there is no way to get rid of it our sisters and brothers have used this chemical concept instead of applying it to the face in the process of applying Shri Ganesha definitely the face will get brighter the body will get a beautiful colour this can be used in the form of a rainbow the oil of Shri Ganesha can be used to make a beautiful colour the oil of Shri Ganesha when we are applying it to the skin when we are applying it to the skin the skin and the skin diseases that come from the skin the skin and the skin diseases that come from the skin will be eliminated in this way, the Shri Ganesha in our daily practice in our internal practice in our internal practice when we apply it we can get rid of many of the skin diseases so we have to protect the Shri Ganesha we have to grow it we have to grow it share this with everyone and let everyone know about this in the future we will discuss this in detail thank you very much
SandalWoodNewsStories_99.mp3:  Aata is a woman who has built a life in agriculture. Aata who has grown up and succeeded in Sri Gandhada is now a popular name for everyone. Not only in our country but also in foreign countries. Who is Aata? Watch this story. If you see the tree of Sri Gandhada which is in full bloom, you will feel very happy. Now, in the future, this tree of Sri Gandhada is called Vishu Kumar. In the district of Chikkamanguru, Sri Gandhada is famous for his beauty. For years, no one has known about Vishu Kumar. But TV9 has published a lot about Vishu Kumar's beauty. After that, many people came to meet Vishu Kumar. They were going to learn about Sri Gandhada's beauty and his beauty. Vishu Kumar, who became famous around the world, has become famous in foreign countries. Recently, the African Malavidesh has brought Vishu Kumar to his country and has learned about his beauty and his beauty. After watching a program called Gandhada Gudi about Sri Gandhada's cultivation, many people from the state came here and talked about Sri Gandhada. They also brought information and are cultivating Sri Gandhada. So, I got a job from Africa. They accepted us very happily and gave us a sample of seeds. They have grown the seeds and made it into a plant. So, they have given us permission to grow our own seeds. Now, Ismail M. Baraita, who is from Malavi, has learned about Sri Gandhada's beauty. The government has also joined him to his country. Vishu Kumar is happy about this news. I am very happy to be a part of this program. I am very happy to be a part of this program. Vishu Kumar is a great person who has brought joy to this state. I would like to ask the government to support Sri Gandhada. And I would like to ask more and more people to come here to see him and take a look at him. In a day, in Sri Gandhada's village, Vishu Kumar, who has donated Rs. 1 lakh, has become a great person. He has shared his knowledge to other people. We are scared for our country andcębwe we wanna make people feel it is ours, i hope you are all crispy as you can be
SandalWoodNewsStories_98.mp3:  Music This land is grown in the method of mixed farming. Every month, the guarantee is Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 40,000. The farmers and the landowners have grown this much. In the last two years, the land has grown by about 10 to 16 feet. This land is the result of the peace of the entire agriculture. Last year, the landowners of Biharom called it the artisan障 sa пам Now história Look ahead Inauguration of the 없이 pristine land belongs to a chap sequestered by the project was tied. Last year, along with every year's watering here, the land soon stopped ever after, The state councopains leave bank loanallowalsguests prepared for food prescription, as tasks like insanity, anxiety andTestacrid is to be avoided from land. In buy and min, high cost food products that are used at the dentist and shampoo Sumonan have aged potentially leaves in the winter season, social work has started. A government-owned Greater New York has beenworked for this month. The industry has dł justified Tales of Jaffers and cz centrality in the remaining landscape of the hollow dam may still be act out over newaze is very important because 되면ove instead innoc runt themes 6thوا questioning says. I alleged there is a forest creeper. And a vehicle of a hillfinch was attack. These two guys brought us together. We both Ohaldak Centre have been identified. We have found the solution for our problem. You are covering our everyone daily. No need for rain for the whole year. we make down squat for 30-40 days I also growamin commercial enam hydra worsh Neem andertra so that people grow Dayalow white mihra besayu In the time of the father, when called for an area where carve was limited now Shrikong beautifully grown Mishra Besayu is giving them blessings from above. After the rain stopped, the family started to work again. In his next life, he has also played Shri Ghanda Gidagal. He has played about 800 Gidagal. Within 10 years, one Gidagal will cost Rs. 10,000 to Rs. 15,000. In the coming year, he is planning to educate the children and the children. The process of water supply is being improved. When the water supply was reduced, 4 lakh litres of water was produced for the fields. In the previous water supply, the ESREL technology was improved. Tractor, power tillers, agricultural equipment and agricultural infrastructure were used. Cold storage is also needed to save the fields that have been developed. Authorities for the 않는ation of the field of the agarik Portal are now clear. The fields could grow in a single field, and agricultural methods are ensured at full control. When one field is hammered, another will be hammered. In 2018-2019 nine years, approximately 800 Shri Ghanda Gidagal were born from the Afarfun area. Unfortunately even the Afarfun are not budding. This is the reason why the Afarfun department is also offering contributions as well. He was given 800 statues in the area. 400 statues were built in the name of his wife and 400 in the name of Jaffar Mia. The difference between the statues of Jaffar Mia and Sri Ganda in Biriyur is that Jaffar Mia has different techniques. The first one is Sri Ganda's statue. It is a Paravalambi statue. It was made of rice and the other one was made of rice. It is the statue of Raita Jaffar, who showed how to make a million rupees out of a million rupees by using a scientific method of agriculture. In addition, he also showed how to make a bumper with the help of a water tank in an area of just 10 acres. It is very useful to work with the family members. If you do something with faith, it will be beneficial for someone else. If you do something with faith, it will be beneficial for someone else. The one who showed how to make a million rupees out of a million rupees was Raita Jaffar Mia. The one who showed how to make a million rupees out of a million rupees was Raita Jaffar Mia.
SandalWoodNewsStories_42.mp3:  Today we have 8 acres of land, 2000 srikanth, 1000 maavu, 600 peerala, 600 sitapal, 100 bettudnellika, 300 neerlanda, 100 hunsiyan, 100 nimbe, 100 karibbeva, 100 nuggeka, 100 teng, 800 saagwani gida. Single square feet of your land should not be wasted. It has the value. Our Kavitha is a native of Kavitha, Kavitha is a native of Kavitha. Turn left, like me, your sight will be in the right part. Welcome to Rayachur district, Rayachur district, Shirwarat taluk, Kavitha taluk, I am your friend, this is kalamadhima youtube channel, yes friends, you are watching the board, you are 100% correct. Kavitha mishra is in the farm. Yes, friend, you are watching the board, you are 100% correct. We have come to the farm, he is a sandalwood farmer and a very good farmer, he has a new idea about agriculture, let us talk to him, let us go for a tour with him, let us hear his new idea. See, this is the way to Bagalkota from Rayachur, this is the way to Bagalkota, this is Rayachur, there is a town in front of Kavitha, so it is a 2 km distance from there. So, welcome to the farm of Kavitha mishra, come. Friends, you are watching the Kavitha mishra, madam, namaste. Namaste sir, namaste. How are you? I am fine sir. We are your fans. Thank you sir. I would like to say that I have accepted your farm for a long time. Yes, yes. You were very famous on social media at one time, but the air is still hot, you have written many stories about your background, you have read a lot, you have been in many organizations, an attempt to understand the whole, actually who are you? I am Kavitha Mishra, I am from Thavurmani, Dharwad sir. This is in Rayachur district, Kavitha, this is in Thavurmani. I have been educated in Dharwad, then I went to Dharwad to do farming, now I am here as a farmer, I have done all the farm work, I have been educated as a farmer, I have not had any intention of becoming a farmer in this field. And there is no opportunity to go out and work here. But my husband, whatever I did, whatever I do, he said that he would do something in this farm. Yes. First, what are you doing in our farm now? Just to be clear, our olmidery is completed now. Then what about you? You have made an conversation for now itself about this farm itself, if you take my timeертв will you be able to correct his thoughts further? Yes, sure sir. It seems that the problem is that there is nothing there, even, this life is in the times of Kavitha Mishra. When you came,999 unfortunate things have happened, doing his farming. And, much of what has happened, you had Çok good luck, but the matter is before his diseases could be resolved completely. Yes sir, sir. Then, you are having Gout- Prescription on concerned verdade, Mr. Pradesh, just when are tumurukan with you? For our health. Yes sir, sir. You have listened to my words that this is in all the lands and lands of Kailashur, and also There was nothing like that. There was no forest. Yes, there was no forest. People were not coming here. There was no cycle. There was a narrow path on the road. There was a narrow road. We had to walk on the road. We were there. Today, we have come to this level after 13-14 years of efforts. Is it so? There was nothing here. There was no light in the house. There was no power. Nothing. We started like that. People were scared that we might get hurt. There was no such environment. I had to bring a bottle of water from the village. There was nothing. It was a big land. There was nothing. There was no parallel land. There was no mud, stones, or other things. We made this parallel land. We have built it to this level. It has been built in a 5-6 thousand feet of water for 15 years. It is an 8-acre land. It is a 1-inch water. I will show you. Even though we had dug a hole, we did not get water. We built it with 1-inch of water. Is it 8 acres? Yes, it is. Oh God! I thought it was an infancy sample. Yes, yes. It is true. I completed my diploma in Computer Science and MA in Sociology from Karnataka University, Darwada. I had no programming skills. That's why I was selected as a programmer. But I didn't have the opportunity to work in a married family. That's why I didn't get a job. I was thinking about what I should do. I was in between four walls. I wanted to achieve something in my life. I told my husband that I had a job. I wanted to do something in my life. I was 45 degree Celsius. I didn't have the temperature in Darwada. It was difficult to accept this challenge. I accepted it and started working. I faced many problems. I had no other wish. I had lost hope. I saw that day. I did all this. Did you get any happiness? No. You didn't have any family? No. I didn't have any family. I didn't know anything. I didn't have any income. I was doing all this. I didn't have fertile land. I didn't have any source of water. At that time, I wanted to do something new. I did a dam. This is the land? Yes. The water was very low. I needed 6 months of water to do the dam. It was stressful. I didn't have water. I had to do a lot of work. I did a dam. I got a rate. After 7-8 years, I got a stomach ache. I had to do a dam. After that, my consultant said that I should take all the plants. I did one of the 4 plants. I bought camera and my son played it all day. It was fascinating that I thought to myself what was more important. Than to leave it. I had 3 workshops in Chitrakoot. I did not have anything<|ja|> I was thinking about the land I had planted earlier. I thought about the cultivation method I had done earlier. I thought about trying something different. I had planned to grow horticulture, agroforestry and animal husbandry. What did you do? I had planted the farm and the cattle. I had not done only one crop. I had done monocropping. That was a single crop. I had done multi cropping and integrated farming. I had done all the different crops. That is why I had decided to do this. I have planted agriculture, agroforestry and animal husbandry. Why did I do this? Agriculture is short term. For example, the crops are grown in 3 to 4 months and the cattle in 5 to 6 months. It can be a crop of cow, goat, goat, sheep or even a cow. That is agriculture. This is agriculture. It is short term. I have also done horticulture. That is mid term. I have been growing crops for 10 to 15 years. For example, if I have done monocropping, I can grow 5 to 6 tons per year. That is for a year. Yes, I have done monocropping. What is the name of this crop? It is called L-49. It can be L-49, Taiwan Pink, Taiwan White. It is quickly grown. If we grow it, it can be grown for 3 years. It can be Kesar, Dashari, Mallika, Banganpally. I have done 4 varieties of mangoes. I have done this because it will not yield for another year. It will fluctuate. It can be a climatic condition or the practices we give. We have also done monocropping. We have done We have done We have done We have done We have done LOLS, as we have known it. I had done this because തതത�忘തതതതതതതુ� nível thawast.ıldobed visible願い La unless they are on the list, For after taking support. or when you think we have the BuffaloesPlease write, CAMERA We have said no. We have not screwed up. Only again a standard person.וח bark вы должны покупать I have a similar practice. Lord to King Wishan Das by the way remember that there was a manjed Taiwan was. Do you know what the banana recommends? we should also have good food we should also have good support and we should also be productive yes, that is the only way to survive how can we survive if we have to take care of the crop for 12-15 years how can we manage our own household for example, if I ask a man who is 18-25 years old what work do you do I will ask him to do farming he will ask me I will get a pension and retirement pension this is the system I have set up agriculture, horticulture, agroforestry and animal husbandry all the combinations yes, all the combinations we have planned and prepared but at that time we will not be able to get down in the farming of Shrikant I have seen that practically I have come to that I have understood that why I am not going to work for Shrikant for 8-9 years come, let us go I will show you what I have done for 9 years, I have not been able to get down in the farming of Shrikant because Shrikant has many responsibilities and responsibilities there is a lot of confusion yes, there is a lot of confusion you can take any work what is the rate of Shrikant what is its future what is its use and results and how can we get a good economic situation we have to understand and understand and get confused we have to find a way I will tell you what I have done for the farmers we have done all the work we have done Ullagadi, Melasiinkai Kabbu, Raggi, Batta we have done everything we have not seen one crore per acre neither we nor anyone have seen that is the truth if we talk about the farm if we talk about the farm you will see that there are not many pictures there is a terrible truth behind this what is the terrible truth you are doing the farm you are not famous in youtube you are not famous in facebook youtube and facebook shows colorful pictures but the farmers are not that colorful it is very terrible what is the terrible thing I will talk about it in a tractor one tractor costs 800 to 900 rupees one cow I will bring one cow it costs 1400 rupees one cow costs 500 rupees one cow costs 300 rupees we do not count the money we have earned because we do not get any we have to earn our own money after doing all these what do we get in the end what do we get in a year because in the olden days they count the amount that is our new year we count the amount what we have spent what we have earned what we have earned we count the amount what we have earned we count the amount because the cost of cultivation is reduced the income is reduced the agriculture is reduced because they are not proportional to each other that is the thought process the people who are in power the prime minister Narendra Modi says that in 2072 we have to divide the land by half if the half is zero it will not be zero it will be double zero if we multiply zero into zero it is zero only it cannot be infinite if we want to make it infinite this is the right time to think over it this is the right time what I say is it is over for us the youth is in your hands because every year people are getting rich the land is getting rich it is not there if we want to make the land rich we have to start it has to be creative because our story is over it is in your hands so today I will tell you what is agroforestry what is the need of the day what is the need because we calculate the MSP what is the minimum support price the minimum what is the supporting price what will you consider you as a government as a people our crops our expenses our oil and cow dung how much will be the cost for the MSP and our land will you be able to buy it you tell me if the land is there you will cultivate it if the land is not there you will be living in cities you will not live in a 500 sq ft one single bedroom where will our land go sir where will our rental charges go sir it is not a way to do it you tell me and no one counts it sir to count it I selected agroforestry I told you sir this is a long term crop I told you sir if we cultivate this for 12 to 15 years our land will be dead till then it is dead dead investment to make the land to be good I was supporting agroforestry because if we cultivate srigandha you know it will not come soon we have to sleep for 15 years if we sleep for 15 years the land will be strong we have to bring the harvest for that I have done peerala, maavu, sitapal today in 8 acres of Hathugunta 2000 srigandha 1000 maavu 600 peerala 600 sitapal 300 neerlan 100 nuggya kaya 100 coconut 800 saagwani gida single square feet of your land should not be wasted it has the value I have done that you may see it practically single square feet of your land should not be wasted I am working on that and I am working on the project try to reduce the cost of cultivation you are wasting your agriculture you spent 10 lakhs and 15 lakhs you are not growing it how much will you get out of 10 lakhs? for a year how much will you spend on that? for that you are wasting the agricultural value you spent 2 lakhs and 5 lakhs then also then also it is profitable then also it is profitable our vision our thinking should be changed I will say if you want to sell your land you can do it for 50rs 50rs is enough I will give you 50rs because you have made 50rs as interest so what I say is earning is not important saving is important for that your land how much you should spend spend it and go with nature go with nature don't go against it go with it and do something for the benefit that is agriculture I am doing the same then water I know the truth where is it? in Rayachur I tried a lot but I didn't get water when I know the weakness of water I will tell you more water rice wheat flour I know the weakness because I have put it in the water then in my crop there is no oil in the water how much water you will use that much oil content will be generated because the farmer of Srikanth has to grow rice in the forest if he grows in the forest it doesn't require special care and maintenance for that for that water for that labour for that in the cost of saving our Karnataka is Srikanth you will do it technically don't go to the water then the help you give what you give it should not be carried by Srikanth because what happens if you carry the help when we are in Srikanth there should be a person next to you if you give the person next to you he should be a person because the sun does not shine it is not possible if the person is in the forest then we can see the sun for that what I say to the farmer if you want to work in the forest I am a pioneer in Srikanth but I will say one thing I have experienced in my 8 to 10 years journey I have experienced a lot I have told this to other farmers I am a farmer I have not given you a block I have dug a hole I have been doing it daily what to do what kind of host management what kind of water management what kind of pest control what kind of nutritional balance how much to give I have been with it I have been doing this that I will tell to my farmers because I feel that I will get that much access No, not at all. Nothing can be grown in the forest. Nothing can be grown in the forest? Nothing can be grown. It has to be covered with mud. You have to be ready for the sun, the sun, the rain, the cold. You won't get the results. You can't do it with a person. If you work as a boss, you will be a boss. If you work as a boss, you will be a boss. That is my experience. I understood it. I practically faced it. You can read all the information on www.kalamadhya.com Read the interviews. Thank you for watching Oduva Samskuthi.
SandalWoodNewsStories_89.mp3:  Bed keepers are tied up towards mudpiloes and are struggled to live to anything largest commitments and home construction has been nowhere to be found a contest to establish the last soon The Dhalambri is weak because of the lack of water. The Dhalambri has been weak for the last 7 years. If your Bajuguda is weak, you should think about it. It is a clue of nature, your heart would have given. You are in the right direction of the Tandavur cultivation. That is your experience. I have done a demo of the Dhalambri. I have done a demo of the Dhalambri. The Dhalambri is the best. The root zone is deep. The Dhalambri is the best. The Dhalambri is the best. I have done a video on Mosambi. I have planted a tree in the village. I have planted a tree in the village. This is a good one. When it Charles Southle eventually, it was got weakened by theten placed in the valley. Because dhalambri john had size compacted Her dhalambri was selectable. It has kept growing hey even after 7 years. Since that time it is an unknown indoor. For 7 years you have to do 거기 rodments. To water joinery. Since 8 years zero cultivated land. You cannot do anything. Because their root is very big. In the case of Balamandi, they remove the stem and then plant it. The roots are 3 feet apart from the stem. The roots contain oil. In Karnataka and Srikanth, 6% of the soil is oil. Whereas in other states, it is not 1 to 2%. I am telling this to everyone in Karnataka. Mother Earth has already given you that God Gift. Nature has already left you behind. But you have to understand. After 7 to 8 years, the soil has not been removed. How can you leave it there? Srikanth's roots are not there. If you take your tractor and it gets a jerk, it thinks that I am in the city. You have to create a river for that. It will take up to your hands. So, the natural method is artificial? Yes, it is artificial. Srikanth has a habit of leaving a lot of water. Okay. You have to give water to Srikanth. Because there is oil in it. If you leave water, it will absorb the water. There is no oil in it. Okay. So, from the initial stage, you have to give water to Srikanth. After 7 to 8 years, you have to completely remove the water. You have to remove all the water. You have to remove as much water as you can. Then, you have to keep Srikanth as a bed. That is the price of the bed. Then, the next thing is, The other thing is, If you don't have a bed and bed, you have to use a bucket to drink. Especially in rainy season. If you have a bucket on rainy season, the excess water will reduce the bucket. Okay. Then, it will take up so much of your time. If you clean it, the bucket will move to the other side. Yes, yes. There are big holes in the other side. If you let the water to drain, you won't get any oil. The water is only 1 inch deep. We don't have water. We have to dig 8000 feet deep for 1 inch of water. How? We have to dig deep and then eat. Because it will become mulching. And then the subtle beings will get tired and become humorous. Because it is not possible to get the nutrients from the earth. The reason I am telling you to do this work is because you don't need to do smart work or hard work. You don't need labour, you don't need oil, you don't need water. We have brought these 3 to Bengaluru and Mysore. You can do your work with these 3. This is natural farming, organic farming. We have directly grown Jivamrit, Panchagavu and Rootsi Gokulam. You have to do one labour. You don't need much labour. After 7-8 years, you will be able to sell everything. You will have to pay money. What will you do then? You will give 40 tuggers to the goat. You will give 40 tuggers to the goat. This is a material that is meant to be used during new year, not 잠깐 released from the gasания. But this has been made slowly. This is made to be 화thaha by streaming the Giving Giving program. Ź What I do is, I tend to show this in a fashion show. People say it is too heavy, but no no keep holding it. No sir, not at the initial stage. In the initial stage, you should not do anything. After 5 years, I have been doing this for 7 years. I have been doing this for 2 years and now I have come to 35 years. Now I have 40 children. Now whatever we do inside, we have to pay Rs.1200 for the house. Rs.600 for a tractor. Rs.200 for a house. We have been doing this for 2 years. We have not done anything. If you do not do anything, you will not get anything. If you do not do anything, you will not get anything. So, you should never do anything. I have not done chicken in the initial stage. I have not done chicken in the last 5 years. I have not done chicken in the last 5 years. But I am going to show you how to do it. I have not done chicken in the last 5 years. I have done chicken in the last 5 years. If I do not do this, I will not get anything. But if I do not do this, I will not get anything. I am not going to do this. The first revolution was not done by the government, and it will not happen again. So, I am asking you to take the future into your hands. I am saying that from 10,000 to 16,000 kgs are taken. If our farmers get 100 kgs of rice, they will have 10 kgs of rice daily. So, I am asking you at a marginal rate. If you have 5,000 kgs, you will have it at any time. But you are not saying 16,000 kgs. Because the rice is not available. If you have 5000 kgs of rice, you will have 20 kgs of rice daily. If you have 20 kgs of rice, you will have 1 lakh per kg. You will have 300 kgs of rice daily. You have built a 3 crore house. Why are you saying this? Because at this rate, I will go to the case jail and inform the general manager, that you have taken Rs. 11,500. I am not telling you that. Because if I tell you that, you will not get it, then you will lose faith in me. If I tell you that, I will be very happy. So, I am asking you at a marginal rate. If you take 35 kgs of rice, you will take it. I am taking 20 kgs of rice. You will say, Madam, we have not gone to the house to buy rice. If you do not do anything, will you not get 10 kgs of rice daily? If you say 10 kgs of rice is Rs. 5000, will you not get Rs. 50,000 daily? If you say 300 kgs of rice is Rs. 1 crore, where do you think you will get Rs. 1 crore daily? How much? 12 to 15 years. Is it that much? Why? Because you have worked for 40 years as a farmer. You have retired and now you are earning Rs. 20 lakhs. You have done everything. You are saying that you have worked for 10 to 15 years. You are talking about the rice. Our father, mother, our grandfather, they have all been doing the same. So, I am asking you, why did you take this price? We have seen all the prices of rice. You have done the dalimbe, you have done the mosambi, you have done the maavu, you have done the gullagadi, you have done the batta, you have done the kabbu. You have seen the whole lot. So, I am asking you to take this price. Yes, if one person earns gold, you are making a profit. But, everyone earns gold. Then, what wrong work will you do? In your career, you will serve the land. You will rob someone's house. You will make a profit. No, in your career, you will think of changing the government, you will make a profit by giving the legal market. Yes. You will not do brown sugar, you will not earn. Then, why are you asking my question? Madam, I will tell you one thing. There is a contribution from you to nature. Because, all these are natural disasters. Why are you doing this? We are not here for the sake of nature. Now, it is time that you contribute to nature. What wrong work will you do? So, what wrong work did you do today? Why did you become famous today? Why did you clean the fields? Why did you become famous today? Why did you become famous today? To clean the fields. To make the fields famous today, the land is being taken away by the white earth. You have so much faith. The fields are becoming strong because you are weak. You have forgotten what power you have. This peace should not happen to anyone. Because, when did we get freedom if we were sitting like a book? We did not get freedom. We are not getting freedom. We have not got freedom. We have not got freedom. When we gathered up and made one group of people, we took freedom. Even though we were on the streets of our village. We took freedom. Today, you are doing national service to a country. Because, Karnataka is a small country. Karnataka is a small country. That revolution should happen because of you. Because of you, I am making you stronger. Because, I do not belong to any company or agency. I am not belonging to any company or franchise. I am a citizen. I am a person. I am the reason for you. If I had gone, how could you have believed me? Yes. 45 degree temperature is next to impossible but today I have proved it because today each of my trees are at the age of 7 years they have crossed the girth of 65 cm which is possible at the age of 15 years so what I am going to tell you is you have a better chance to get a land because you have made all the Malnades to do this you have made all the Malnades to do this
SandalWoodNewsStories_112.mp3: 
SandalWoodNewsStories_107.mp3:  Now we are looking at Kavlaigada Why do we need to climb Kavlaigada? In Kannada, it is called as Kavlaiannu In English, it is called as Koranda Here you can see beautiful fruits But in between the beautiful fruits there is a tree This tree works as a fence If anyone is climbing a hill or a garden use this as a natural fence See this This is a hybrid For a kg, it costs 70 rupees It is a second profit If you want to get a bird or a bird's nest you can use this as a fence But look at the aesthetics If you want this kind of thing and you haven't subscribed to our channel yet don't forget to subscribe This is a single tree and it is a fence and it will be useful for your fruit and it will be useful for your fruit
SandalWoodNewsStories_148.mp3:  You have planted two plants here and there. You have planted chemical coconut here. And you have planted Kuskuba soil conditioner here. You have planted two plants here. I have no money. I have a question. This is not a house. We have to put a fertilizer here. We have to put it here. We have not planted any other plant. We have planted coconut here. We have planted it everywhere. This house has not been developed. This house is a waste. We have to plant it again. Kuskuba soil conditioner has not been used. So, it has not been used. So, it is not used. Yes. You have planted chemical coconut here. We have planted it here. We have planted it everywhere. So, this house has a difference. Yes. What are the plants? These are wheat plants. What about wheat? Wheat is not used. That's it. That's it. Cut it.
SandalWoodNewsStories_146.mp3:  Look at theibl baru energy share across the flu extinct species Pasture is everything .. We will demonstrate the process of growing the seedlings here. The seedlings are parasites. They cannot generate nutrients. So, they are brought together by other seedlings. They will absorb the nutrients. You may not have any seedlings nearby. But, there are many seeds here. So, they will absorb the nutrients. So, the seedlings will survive. And, they will provide good nutrients to the plants. This is a non-irrigation. Is the distance between the seedlings to the plant more? No. If the distance is more, it is one and a half feet. If you go to the forest, it is the same. The plants are not far from each other. The plants are not in between the plants. Because, at the beginning, the roots are half and three feet apart. So, the nutrients are there. But, the nutrients should be locked. So, the plants are there. So, after 18-20 years, you will have a different crop diversity. You will have a different yield. You can grow agriculture crops. Or, you can grow oilseeds. But, after 18-20 years, the soil will be a permanent area. But, we will not say that it is the only area. There is no host plant. You will not get anything. You will not get anything, if you plant it in a small area. So, you should plant it in between the diversity. You should plant it in between the diversity, about 5-60 acres. I have mentioned that this is a food forest. Food should be in the forest. When we have a forest, we get wood. And, it is beneficial for nature. For our crop, we need food. Here, we have a variety of fruits. There are three varieties of fruits. This is red, this is golden, this is gold, and, peanut butter. And, what we expect from these fruits is, that they are ripe. So, this is a natural source of fruit. You can grow tomatoes here. Or, you can grow some other fruits. You can grow some other fruits. So, you can grow tomatoes here. You can grow 10 tons of tomatoes here. But, when you grow tomatoes, you will get a good environment and food. You can grow tomatoes in this forest. You can grow tomatoes here. There are different kinds of tomatoes. Each of them have different types of fruits. This is a natural source of fruit. So, we grow tomatoes here. You can grow tomatoes here. And, you can grow tomatoes here. Or, you can grow tomatoes here. If not, we can grow another one for this. See, you can see the Sita palm trees. This is called... Sir, is this a native plant? Yes, it is native. There is no hybrid in this. This is our native plant. Thank you for watching.
SandalWoodNewsStories_167.mp3:  Sri Ganda Farming Course earned 3 crores per year In the Marukattai of Sri Ganda India is the leader of the world Karnataka is the topper of India In the Marukattai worth 2 lakh crores our Simha milk Sri Ganda Farming Course has been preserved for 30 years Sri Ganda has given 3 crores per acre The dream of Sri Ganda Farming has come true The farmers are your guides The natural resources here are soil, water and water We call them physiological factors like soil, water and climate Sri Ganda Farming Course is the world's first and foremost From the National Medical Association we are providing 24,000 crores per acre Sri Ganda Farming Course is a project to preserve the soil To make our land we are spending 3,000 rupees per acre We are not here to sell Sri Ganda Farming Course We have already been in other places But we are going beyond that As you know It is basically semi-root parasite This is a problem We need support from other places About 3 crores per acre from 20 years we are going to be able to grow There are many things in the Sri Ganda Farming Course Why should Sri Ganda Farming be done? How much soil should be grown? How much land should be used? Government's support permission and agreement How much soil and air quality should be there? How much is the land used for Sri Ganda Farming? How much is the work required for the land used for the land use of coconut and water? How much is the permit for the construction of the natural area? How much is the security and maintenance? How much is the work and the maintenance? How much should the farmers who have been interested in Sri Ganda Farming be able to do? How much is the land and the land that they have to pay? How much is the cost and profit? How much should the farmers who have been interested in Sri Ganda Farming earn 3 crores per acre? All these are the tips and the ways to get started in the course To watch this course download the Financial Freedom application from the link below
SandalWoodNewsStories_158.mp3: 振りha nandadhannu this is rajon appliances shikaripradh taluk Ver 512 estated this place is good We have taken this tree in nursery We are giving it for 25-30 rupees The nursery is in Shivamagadha They are doing nursery since many years The nursery is big in forest We have made it in forest How many acres of sandalwood plantations you have done? This plantation is 20 acres It is 15 years old It is 20 acres Recently it was 3-4 years old Now it is 14 acres We have planted total 32 acres of sandalwood How much income can you get from one acre of land? We have planted sandalwood for 12 years Some people from Paris They have planted sandalwood for 12 years Some people have planted sandalwood for 10-15 years According to our estimate, it will take 20 years to plant sandalwood We can plant sandalwood after 20 years We have thought that we can earn 1-2 lakhs per acre in 20 years We have seen that it will be good We have seen that we can earn 2-3 crores per acre We have seen that we can earn 2-3 crores per acre in 20 years Total 30 acres of sandalwood Total 20 acres of sandalwood Total 60-100 crores per acre In 2012, a forest amendment was passed to allow anyone to plant sandalwood Now, everyone has planted sandalwood Now, everyone has planted sandalwood Now, everyone has planted sandalwood After 2012, after the government's decision, anyone can plant sandalwood Despite that, whenever people start planning to plant, there is no plan for them turbulence Age has gone Danki Komb спас Biial About 4 100 Thirworth tradi Ikullu I cover it with one s trzeet but these plants are in size so they need to be bare faced Это всё кам� chem violation It has to be town based. So if a planted plant is Elektrolytic one should always bring along soil. It doesn't have to be metal like sand and fine sand. The soil groomers are mostly made of rectangle clovicles. So if youussy keep the soilตопир Aurora with them. how did you preffer this plantations in thisueding this additionally was supposed to rest for about 16-17ardon it is well maintained the seedlings we collected after taking care of it higher the profile nice plants will be other plants also hard to grow higher the profile if these plants have been staying in nursery for long time the long trees are moving higher the shown size for growing we should not take any other type of fertilizers some people do it in forest some people do it in the forest they do it for 10 lakhs you can take it in forest nursery or you can take it in the garden nursery who will do it? you can take it in such a way to collect the fertilizers in 3-4 years all the seeds will grow if we collect the seeds and fertilize in such a way we can collect the fertilizers we will grow it after 15-20 years if the seeds do not grow if the seeds do not grow well then everything will be wasted so we should take it in such a way who will do it well who will collect it from the soil only then we can take it Sri Gandha farming in Karnataka can be done in any district so Sri Gandha farming what type of soil can be grown in this soil in Karnataka all the districts can be grown but in Kemp soil red soil is not good because it is not easy to get red soil is good for us in red soil it is good because it is not mixed with stones it is not easy to get how many months do you plant the seeds from 6 to 8 months every year we plant the seeds in 2 feet height so that the growth is good if it rains more it will be less if it rains more it will be less if it is 2 feet it will be less we plant it in 2 feet height what are the measures to do plantation what are the techniques we can plant 12 by 12 seeds ideally 12 by 12 looks good We plant 300 trees. If we plant 10 by 10, we can plant 400 trees. Some people say that we plant 15 by 15. We have planted 12 by 12 trees. 12 by 12 is a very good place to plant trees. Which tree can be planted as a secondary house plant? Any tree can be planted as a secondary house plant. It will grow in commercial areas. Any tree can be planted in the forest. We can plant Kajarwena, Gali Gida, any tree. If we plant a tree, we can plant any tree. It is not necessary to plant a tree for the sake of the forest. We can plant any tree in such a way. Which tree can be planted in your farm? We have planted Kajarwena, Gali Gida, and Supnuggi. What is the condition of the planting? We can drip the plants. We can plant sprinklers and grow them. We can grow 12 by 12 trees. We can grow 12 by 12 trees. We can grow figs to grow stuff. What is our drip? Sprinkler and drip nihil. We can add sprinkler to the soil in the front to play our role in reducing Kalau soil. we can compact the soil to change the liquid3000% That is our drop and dripla AirPods. We give water toction to 15 people twice a week. To know about water consumption, we started to give water to 10 to 15 people every week. We should not give water after 18-20 years. They say that the growth will not be good. So we stopped giving water. We should not give water to the plants. We should not give water after 18-20 years. They say that the growth will be good. So we stopped giving water. Thanks for watching.
SandalWoodNewsStories_168.mp3:  Farmers in Gandhada Gudi, are you not able to earn crores of rupees? Can't farmers earn crores of rupees? No, now the times have changed. Every farmer can earn crores of rupees in just 100 Shree Gandha Gidhas. Yes, one Shree Gandha Gida can earn at least 1 lakh rupees, but can earn crores of rupees in 100 Gidhas. Shree Gandha is the most precious gem of our country. In 1960, the most productive country was established. In those days, 4,000 tons of produce was produced and even the milk was produced. Even today, Shree Gandha in India and Australia is a well-known place. Shree Gandha in India is the most popular place than any other place. That's why, the value of our country is high. Even the environment is dedicated to Shree Gandha. In 2026, Shree Gandha has become a market for 2,09,000 crores. Even today, Shree Gandha has a demand of 6,000 to 7,000 tons. Cosmetic and perfume companies are growing rapidly. And in the coming days, farmers have a great opportunity to grow Shree Gandha. From the perspective of the need to talk about the crores of farmers, the Freedom App research team has designed the Shree Gandha agriculture course. Shree Gandha agriculture is done in 100 acres of land. The farmers who have planted the entire land and have grown it in 5,000 acres of land, will be guided by Ramesh Balootagi. What can you learn from this course? The introduction of the course, the introduction of the guide, why Shree Gandha agriculture is needed, how much land is needed, what is the government's proposal, how to get permission, how the soil and air quality should be, how to do the land construction, how much water should be pumped, how much is the need of the workers, how to build, what is the permission from the forest area, how to protect and maintain the security, how to strengthen, how to increase the value of this, how to export Shree Gandha agriculture to the farmers who are in need, how to export to the market, finally, how to get the profit and how to get the benefits. Through these various modules, you can complete Shree Gandha agriculture, if this course is completed, you will also get a certificate. Not only that, a person can also do the marketing of your production without any intention without paying more than 1 crore rupees to the freedom app market place. So, do you also want to do Shree Gandha agriculture and earn crores? Then, download the freedom app right now. you
SandalWoodNewsStories_144.mp3:  Hi, welcome to Dharugru Today we are in Sringada farm This is the farm which we developed in a year ago It is a little far from the farm but we are referring it as farm We have made three videos about this farm In one year, from the planting time and after 6 months, we have shown the results Today it is one year Today we are doing a little details In the next video, our farmer will tell his opinion You can watch If anyone is new to the channel, please request me Please subscribe to the channel Many people are watching the video but not subscribing Subscription is free, please do If anyone has not joined the channel yet Please join the channel There will be exclusive video There is an exclusive video If you have complete details If you have any questions If you have any direct contact with our team If you have any opportunity If you show your farm through video call We will give consultation This is our farm plot What we have done here is We have taken G. vilas and Sriganda alternately This is about 3 acres We have 2000 Sriganda and 2000 G. vilas G. vilas and Sriganda alternately We have taken this as our name The plot is based on this farm This farm was based on G. vilas Sugarcane cultivation was going on We selected that plot We selected it We have recognized the lowest point and highest point Where it is high and low Because The next farm is not available to us The water farm is not available to us We have identified that first We have taken G. vilas and Sriganda alternately We have taken the same line Our drip channels and planting direction Interpropagated from last one year They are growing coriander According to their analysis They are taking yield and profit I will show you if they have eaten coriander You can see the size of the plant I will show you the size of the plant This Sriganda Every time I say Chaguchaya is one of the best host second is the flowering the flowering is complete growth is fast maturity level is high this is the reference of our garden see the size of the plant see the size and roundness and the colour it is not a high chemical spray it is fungicide fungicide is only used for fungal related diseases fungicide is high in this plant because when the plant is in the garden the surrounding of the plant when the plant is in the water it causes fungal infection fungal infection is seen in other plants fungal infection is seen in other plants but this plant is not fungicide another highlight is there is even growth in all plants if you want to achieve even growth I am telling you every time mother plant is very important I am talking about the development of the plant from mother plant you can achieve even growth of sandalwood otherwise your growth will be small or big I am collecting this plant it is minimum 400 grams see the size of the plant to achieve even growth I told you about the seed and host when we give the seed properly you can grow a beautiful plant anyone who is in the area from belgam district should go to this plant I will give the number of this plant if you contact us directly you can go there and grow this plant and write your opinion in the comments then another part will come what we do there is how to take yield from the coriander what is the procedure we are doing another video about that because every year from the coriander they take 1 to 1.1 lakhs at one time every year 2 to 3 lakhs just from the coriander this is for everyone to know and for everyone to benefit we are doing this video for that see here how healthy and green it is see the size of all the plants see the color and shape friends there is only one difference because if we give the seed from our farm it may be developed in this plantation otherwise it will be aged so your growth rate will be good our seed will be very good our seed may be more than 2 to 3 rupees from others but from our side if you get any feedback from our side to develop a beautiful plant that 2 rupees is not a big deal because when we are giving our 15 years 8 years of knowledge when we are giving more than 2 rupees please don't forget friends if you want the same seed you can grow it now let us see what our farmer says hello sir hello sir what is your name? channappa kadamma where are you from? Hidikal Hidikal what kind of plantation you are doing? we are doing in peru which variety is peru? peru chivila chivila when did you start planting? we started in August we started in August we started in August we started planting in August in August 15th? yes sir, one year ago what is your opinion about the growth of peru? growth is slow sir if we see the same plant here there is no growth it is slow what other farmers say? here there is no plantation here there is no plantation there is no growth what is the distance? distance is distance from the peru to the farm from the peru to the farm it is the same the distance is 6 feet the distance is 6 feet from the farm to the farm is 8 feet 8 feet what are the other crops you are growing sir? this is the coriander we have grown coriander this is the 3rd seed of coriander in one year it costs 1.5 lakhs in two years it costs 50 lakhs the rate is like this we have grown it and the rate has gone down now it costs about 7 lakhs it is a big coriander? yes sir see sir you have already taken all the expenses from the coriander yes sir we have grown coriander from the coriander yes sir now the peru plant has started yes sir when the peru plant starts we will start our business peru plant has started for one year sir yes sir what is the size of the plant? what is the size of the plant? yes sir peru plant has 500-600 grams one peru plant yes sir what is the cost of the host? the host is we have given this plant for 1 year it is a small plant yes sir we have given it for one year yes sir when the plant is in the season we have to put the cashew nuts in it how many plants have you planted sir? sir 3 plants have 15000 yes sir peru plant has 15000 peru plant has 15000 now all the plant has grown up or it has become less? no sir almost all the plants have grown up yes sir some have become fungus attack yes sir some have become fungus attack yes sir now we have planted shiwashi and chloruri we have planted lambda salt in it now we have planted lambda salt in it yes sir ok sir ok sir ok sir ok sir as you can see our farmer is telling his opinion and his opinion I am asking to the viewers what are your dreams of your beautiful farm please understand if you want to do any kind of farm it will not happen urgently friends you have a lot of time many people are complaining that we have not taken the phone the reason for not taking the phone is because we do not have the ability to do any work when we work with different farmers it becomes difficult to talk on the phone we are the ones who edit and edit this video we are the farmers and we are the ones who talk to the farmers we come to the field and we come to the farm this is the time and we go to work when we do all the work time does not get lost in phone calls this video is the first part the planting time that we have done if you want to see that link is given in the description you can see the gate what is inside you can see the cub this garden from 6 to 8 months no one has done anything we have shown the results to the people of this place you can visit here and get the results you can see the results we have done the complete fencing we have done the barbed wire fencing we have done mesh fencing to protect this garden in upcoming days electric fence will be installed you can do barbed wire fencing from 7 to 8 feet we have done this to maintain our garden if you want to develop your garden contact us you can register we will register and give you the garden we will plan and execute if you like the video please like and share and subscribe thank you friends
SandalWoodNewsStories_159.mp3:  When snow falls and forests growímell and shimi had appeared in Sree Ganda, but when we see Sri Gandha's Bhenigada, Jaligada when we see this our part is the best our part is the best Bhenigada is coming to us so well but it does not come to us so well in the Malyananda Jaligada when Jaligada comes to us it does not come to the Malyananda when Rakta Chandana comes to us it does not come to the Malyananda but Sri Gandha comes to us from there it comes to us because why Sri Gandha comes to us so well because we do not need big or big now there is another question how long does Sri Gandha have to be in the Kataavya one research says there is no linear relationship between size of the plant volume of the plant biomass of the plant do you know this there is no linear relationship between size of the plant volume of the plant biomass of the plant means you do not need this much for the Kataavya you have given the water with all your wealth you have given the coconut you have given the coconut for the whole crop in one drop, you have given the coconut during the second seedling or the complete development think about this now when there is plant growth what comes next then the plant does not have that much of this and what happens now when the plant grows if it despite the seed begins to be rotten and hard when it feels its root is not soft we need to have a good soil structure like a Ketchu, Chegu, R2D like a Gaba to get good soil structure we need to have a shortage of moisture and high temperature the soil should be low in temperature and the top should be hot then what happens is the plant is low in temperature and the top is at 38-40 degrees what should be done then? the plant is low in temperature the plant is low in temperature the top is at 38-40 degrees what does the soil do? it is used to water the leaves, fruits, and all the leaves, fruits, and all the soil is not yet solid the soil is low in temperature the top is hot then the soil is washed with a lot of mud I will show you the mud is washed the mud is washed then what is done is the inside the sap is what is done is the soil is it is sized it is sized it has a secondary metabolism it is nothing but defensive mechanism against drought it is nothing but formation of rot and accumulation of iron the soil is not solid what happens is it stops the growth it is not strong enough it does not need a seed it needs to live every living being in the soil needs to absorb it live, win, win don't be a coward every living being in the soil every creature in the soil needs to absorb it what does it do then? it needs to live what does it do then? it stops the growth So, the defensive mechanism is necessary for survival. It is called secondary metabolism. It is nothing but formation of artwood and accumulation of oil. The artwood formation is started inside. For that we have a church. Today, there is a huge amount of oil in the Jagatikamarukatti. We have to do it at that time. We, the people of Bayala, have made a mistake. They are very simple people. They have a lot of good deeds. We have a land of 4 acres. We have a lot of land. We have a lot of land. We have to utilize it. We have to utilize it. The forest that we live in today is different. We have to see this. Even the bloodshed has not been done in many places. It is happening here. If you have buried the bloodshed in a base, you don't have to do anything in the base. They will pour water to the well. They will pour water to the well. That is all. The bloodshed is worth nothing. The land is juice for required Estamos. Moreified Your offspring and loved family also live in that. There is westernization. We understand that, ...the full forgetfulness, the hurry, quadrupedness, In the 90's, when Tipu Sultan was re-elected, the Britishers took over the throne. The Britishers also had a lot of power and independence. Later, the same law was passed on. Law was passed in 2001. The government has also given NMPB, National Medicinal Plant Development Board, which is a national medical institution, which has been providing medical assistance for 24 years. For one acre, for Sri Gandhapelai. NMPB. For one acre. Because the government has given it for 24 years. That's why. NMPB. NMPB is a name you can google and find. For one acre, for 24 years. One time. One time. Sack. You can give it for 10 rupees. They will give you a sack of 300 grams. And then, if you get a sack of good quality Guna Matta, you can take it from there. Or if you get it for private use, you can take it. If you take it from me, I will give you one for 35 rupees. 300 grams. How much did it cost? 10,000 rupees. Government has given. For a sack of 20 ks. For a sack of 20 ks. For a sack of 20 ks. For a sack of 20 ks. For a sack of 20 ks. It will cost you. If you give me 10,000 rupees, and a sack of 20 ks, What will you get? I will get a sack of 12,000 rupees. We will keep it for ourselves. It will give you good treatment, and it will be enough to eat a sack of 12,000 rupees. Then, what is it? The reason is that the government's policies are very good for our country. It is not that we have not been able to come to Malayalee, but in Malayalee there is a lot of vegetative growth, there is a lot of biomass, secondary metabolism is less, there is a lot of crop, the catch is less, the crop is less in our country, the crop is less in the country of the village, the crop is more in the country of the village. So there is no linear relationship between the size of the plant and the quantity of our food. The crop is not very happy that the crop is not grown well. Yes, it is not happy. There is more material destruction and plant is abundant. There are more freestyleن It is very safe when the crop is not nicer and managed well. After şeyi, if you stop harvesting from the品 you deal for Raymond. One is safe. If it is gone... There is a good machine in Kerala, see, in a few dozens, with processing. You are right, we need there. We have to keep on figures. Beautiful and PPTUKULSdireation. One year, the rain does not fall. One year, the rain does not fall. One year, the cold does not fall. One year, it becomes very hot. It becomes very cold. On top of this, the temperature of the nature has a certain relation to it. That way, when it becomes very hot, very hot, very hot, when it becomes very cold, the plant gets stressed. the plant gets stressed. That year, the rain was very heavy. That year, the rain was very heavy. The rain was heavy, but the secondary metabolism was high. That means, the arcturid formation was increased. The year when the rain increased, the vegetative growth increased. So, in Malayalee, the arcturid formation takes time. We also say that when we go to the Malayalee part, or when we meet the people from there, it will take 20 to 25 years for you. You have not come here for a question. You have not come here for a question. You have not come here for a question. I'll tell you what your question is, and come and get it. I'll tell you what your question is, and come and get it. If you ask me, your questions will be different. They don't know what to ask, so they just ask and they answer. What we have told Malina brother is that Sree gandha is 20 to 25 years old. So we cannot tell Bisala brother. We are coming from you. Because, when we come here, we have a span of 10 years.
SandalWoodNewsStories_156.mp3:  Sir, if I write the first question as Sri Gandhada's tree, in some way, it is seen in the holistically of other trees. In what way is it so old that it is the oldest among other trees? If I have to talk about Sri Gandhada's oldest tree, it is not like a normal tree. It is a hemi-root parasite. It means that it is a plant that grows on the Parvava tree. Yes, it is a plant that grows on the Parvava tree. The special thing about this tree is that the hardwood is very fine. It develops from fine grains. The colour of Sri Gandhada is special. In the 10th to the 7th year, the hardwood develops and Sri Gandhada's oil is prepared and deposited in it. Yes. So, Sri Gandhada's quality is medicinal. Yes, it is medicinal. Because it is a good medicinal plant, it is also good for health. Yes, it is a speciality of Sri Gandhada. Sir, now that we know what the first question is, we have understood that we need to know about Sri Gandhada. Now, we have to know about the first part, the Sasi Gullu. Where did you get these Sasi Gullu? Sri Gandhada Sasi Gullu was grown in our nurseries all over the kingdom. These are the Sasi Gullu that are used for the farming of the forest. We grow these Sasi Gullu in the Sasi Palanala of the forest. This year, we have grown more than 6 lakhs of Sasi Gullu. We have grown it and we are giving it to the people. We are giving it to the farmers. Yes, we are giving it to the farmers. This year, we have grown almost all the Sasi Gullu. Almost all the Sasi Gullu is empty. We do not get it in our nurseries or Sasi Palanala. But, this year, we have given importance to this. We have given a lot of publicity. So, the demand is high. Many people are calling. There is a lot of demand. There is a lot of demand. So, I think this year, 6 lakhs of Sasi Gullu. For the next year, the number of Sasi Gullu is... More than 20 lakhs. More than 20 lakhs. More than 20 lakhs. No one will come here to see the Maranithaakasteeru. Even after saving 10 lakhs, 10 lakhs or 7 lakhs, 8 lakhs, or any amount, we deserve to see another funded model. Even if we are unable to live from 7 lakhs to 10 lakhs. you can do it in the underground when the underground is filled with sand the quality of the sand will be different the quality of the sand will be different around 400-435 sessi will be there how do you collect the sand? we call it lomi soils lomi soils, well drained soils are the best for this tree but all kinds of sand and earth are growing I have seen it in Gulbarga black cotton soils too all kinds of soil are growing Kiran is here sir, we are from Chitradurga we are from Ayamalasa forestry we are B.Sc. forestry graduates are you a little short-tempered? we are B.Sc. forestry graduates you have a lot of knowledge we have a lot of knowledge we have a soil called Chawalabhoomi we are not suitable for that Chawalabhoomi is not suitable so you have said it a lot it can be sand, mud, sand but not suitable for Chawalabhoomi sir, now we have done all the activities now we are doing all the nutrition if it grows well what are the nutrition we should take in the beginning? the sree gandha we give we give it in 8 inch by 12 inch bags for that we do 2 feet by 2 feet pits farmers do agriculture they have already grown we have ploughed it completely and ploughing it initially we grow gobra well rotten farm yard we grow gobra when we grow compost gobra we grow more we grow 2 feet by 2 feet so it grows successfully it grows successfully along with that we grow host plant that is very important yes, important which all plants should be planted? if you have planted seedlings it will grow it will grow another one is called Honuguna sapu that sapu can be planted by cutting if not casuarina gali gida gali gida will grow well now some people in the next generation are growing this they are growing this as well that is also good in the next generation they are growing this dalimba dalimba is also a good host these all different types of plants we can grow them as a variety as a variety yes we can grow to get this even the surrounding surrounding surrounding this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this last offer ok last order ok listen ok will come next share with us these all told me yesterday what suited you first what spin that screen in your body i reached holy если if you get killing Namaskaram Mr. Matsudan. There is no restriction for the birth of Srikanta. There are no rules and regulations. There was no restriction at all. Srikanta was a state tree. It was the property of the government. If there was any tree in your land or in your house, it was the property of the government. But when it matured, it was still a building. Even then, it was still a building. When it matured, it was to be put in our depot, Sandalwood. We used to take it to Srikanta's house and dress it up there. We used to dress it up and put a bell on every part. After putting a bell, we would give the total value in that 90%. We used to give it earlier but now it is the same. But initially, wherever Srikanta was, it was the property of the government. Now it is completely destroyed. That is the property of the owner of the land. So, there is no doubt about it. Yes, there is no doubt about it. Everyone in our country can grow trees. Another question is from Ashok from Darwada. Hello Ashok. Hello Sir. Ask the question. Sir, we are from Darwada district. Yes, ask the question. Sir, can you grow this in one base? Can you grow this in one base or can you give some support in the beginning? It will grow well in one base. The growth of the plant is very good. In the lower part of the tree, where the moisture and sunlight is good, it will grow very well in the upper part. In one base, we have not told you to give some support. We have not told you. So, this is the... Yes. In South Karnataka, in South Karnataka, it will grow well. Wherever it is, if it is planted in a bed, it will die. In the bunds, if it is planted in a hollow bed, it will grow well. Some people are planting it in a small area. It is growing well. It is growing well. Some people are also dripping it in the soil. Some people are not doing it. It will grow well in the upper part. It can grow in the lower part also. Yes, in the northern districts also. I have seen it in Gulbarga. In the northern districts, where the main crops are irrigated, there is some moisture. It is growing well there also. Sir, one more question. How many years does it take for a plant to grow well? For a plant to grow well, as I have told you, from 7 years to 10 years, it is actually a hot wood. It has a brown colour inside. It is growing well. It is growing well. Since then, it has been growing well for a week. It is getting more and more. For 10 years, it can get 1 to 2 kg of hot wood. For 15 years, it will not stay as it is. It may be a little bit of a drop. It may be a little drop or a drop of a drop. It may be a drop of water. It is a hot wood formation. It is not getting well everywhere. It is getting very well in some places. In some places, it is medium, average. We can remember that it has grown. If it has grown there, we can put it in an auger and turn it and see how white it is. Then we can know that it is in some kind of a pot. Yes, we can remember that. For 15 years, it can grow from 4 to 5 kg to 10 kg of gold. For 20 years, it will grow more. It will grow more. It will grow more. It will grow more. It will grow more in the form of a rain. It will grow more. The hot wood is growing. The soil is growing. It is growing more. That is why the hot wood is growing inside. If you give it more water and grow it, the soil will grow more and the hot wood inside will be less. That is very important. So, we do not need a lot of water. It is good for the food. It is slow. What you said about benture. I did not know about it. In Schüler. Oh, yes in Schüler. Do you know the front? Yes teacher. Yes. I told him about the front. I told him to � ransom south or channels to님. Sir, it is easier to come. from the nearest river for constantly camping one. I told my brother, I can take it. How much it is for 100 kg? Yes sir, I can take it for 2000 to 3000 and then it goes here. You say it is 4 kilograms. Yes. Vana Besa? Vana Besa. We have discussed this a lot. The sage was saying that Vana Besa can be found in many earths. He was saying that it can be found in many earths.
SandalWoodNewsStories_171.mp3:  On community language, welcome our responsible reproducer Maharaj Dev Connection by之 It has been our Dog for 6,8,10 years then carefully catch all the Batman guys then24 times check whether he is back home with the oxygen back presents for any intimart the water is full of it because when we wake up in the morning we use perfume for scent and oil what we use is chemical when oil is there chemical and pesticide it is gone it is gone music can we use organic fertilizers I have not used nitrate fixing tree I have used other ag can we use inorganic fertilizers DAP because in the first initial stage for 3-4 years when the soil is less when the berries spread and nutrients are not there the plant is suffering 50-100 grams of nutrients in a meter or 50 cm you can see the size you can make a trench and make a hole in it and water it and it will heat up the soil will heat up and the water will not flow it will not be good you can make a hole in it and then after 8-9 years the art root formation starts when the art root formation starts you have to check because people ask how do you know that the art root has not been formed normally if the sandalwood is not formed it will be a lump it will be smooth when the art root starts there will be cracks when the art root is full there will be more cracks that is the first clue that the art root has not been formed that is the first clue that is the second clue so we have to check with the help of the instrument we have a machine that is called Electrode domo we have to use that to make a small current and when we pass it moves and we have to capture it and put it in the computer and then we will know whether the art root is not damaged or not destructive after 6-8 years you have to check the art root carefully what if the art root has not formed what will you do some people say that the art root has not formed but I am not sure but generally I say this Srikanta Marana why we are in a place where the base is less or where the soil is less is because we are giving a little stress what happens when we stress when the art root starts there is a belief in the literature but we don't know what kind of stress we are giving when we are stressed the art root formation happens when the root is not there when the root is not there the art root is disturbed when the root is touched when the art root is disturbed the art root formation is affected the water is less the art root is distilled all these things induce the art root but we haven't got any correct literature proof so we have to listen to what is written usually when we write a dry letter the art root formation is not good we raise the production that is good continue maybe according to the nature of the 왜 usually if the uptick is from recommend or sometimes write about all these should be planned, how many years it will take to get the exact amount of land we should know this correctly we will take 5 to 5 distance from each other but before checking the soil report, you should decide the distance if you go to the north side, there is a coconut farm it will be planted in 5 to 10 feet from here if you go to the south side, in chikmalur you will have to take a short distance in tippur, they will not allow you to stand in front of the coconut farm if you go to chikmalur, they will not allow you to go near the trench so, in all these situations, you should order the soil from the source I am asking this in general you are asking why there is no air if you want to reduce the amount of water, if the soil is good you can do it in 4 places or you can do it in 5 and 4 places you can decide that that is the soil interest report so, what is the next?
SandalWoodNewsStories_174.mp3:  Hello. I was saying that today a special guest is coming. I am his fan. You are known as the Sandalwood lady of Karnataka. You have been a mentor for Samagra Krushi course in our Financial Freedom App. You have inspired many people. When I first heard about you, a video went viral. You were talking about how you were cultivating sandalwood. A video went viral about you giving a lecture to a person who was a Sandalwood expert. When I saw that, I thought that he was talking so well. Then you came to Weekend with Ramesh. Yes. Even then, I heard your speech. I told my team that Suresh sir came to your place and did a course with you. So, thank you so much for giving a course to our app and mentoring us. We are all your fans. Many of you are my fans. You have achieved a lot in Karnataka. I want to ask you the first question. Many people know that you are going to a Sandalwood house to do engineering and reject the offer of the job. You are going to work as a farmer. But now, many women are facing the problem of farming. But the work at home is not over yet. How did you manage? How did you manage the work at home? How did you manage the work at home? How did you manage the work at home? How did you manage the work at home? I work from 5 am to 10 pm. I work from 5 am to 10 pm. Because, I work from 5 am to 6 pm. I work from 9 am to 10 pm. So, I have made a plan for myself. I have planned for myself that I will work from 5 am to 10 pm. I will start working from 6 am to 7 am. I will continue to work in 5 am to 9 pm. I will give expertise in 5 am to 16 am. I will have the expectation going to my own hospital for further training sessions, because from my side you know we need bread. You can make chapattis and chapattis. I say the same industry to women. You will do some work and automatically, your leadership balance will be pursued. If you are lazy and lazy, you will become a slave for your life. and you can enter your houses later hence my request is to Dart to the place in front, tomorrow finishMacKumup Уl계 be there by 7 pm otherwise I'll sleep till 8 am I'll consume Through Salad for today too much… You are aware of all these things in agriculture If you are not into this then no one is going to TIME attention this in your home How did you learn? How did you read? Because we all say that our father is like a tree with branches. We all say that we will do what our father does. How did you get this new mindset and start doing research and understanding? Because a person always writes on his own. When I came to the agricultural field, I didn't know anything. I didn't know that the next day I would get something for my second meal. I thought I would get it soon. I didn't have knowledge about it. But when I came to the agricultural field, I couldn't stand in this temperature. I left my house after coming 3 times to the farm. The temperature there was 32-35 degrees. It was the last. Here, the temperature is 43-45 degrees. After coming 3 times to the farm, I started to work on the paddy fields. When I started, it was not a fertile land. It was very fertile. Nothing had grown.
SandalWoodNewsStories_173.mp3:  I was ready to do the first step. Now I am giving up on that. Let's see. When I came inside, I was thinking about what to spray. I think I should grow 4 acres of Shree Ganda. I think I can get rid of a freedom-hungry person who is not a student. Hi, hello, Namaste viewers. Welcome to Freedom Farming Kannada YouTube channel. I am Pavithra Jain. Today we are going to introduce you to a unique young farmer. He has started a business to grow his farmland by using the Freedom app. Let's welcome him and start the video. If you haven't subscribed to our channel yet, subscribe now and press the bell icon. Welcome to Freedom Farming Kannada YouTube channel. Welcome to Freedom Farming Kannada YouTube channel. So, Vickshikare, Ajay has come directly from Yadagiri to our studio. He has a desire to start his farming journey and become a farmer. Let's hear how he is doing it. Hello. Hello. What kind of farming journey did you start to start your farming journey? I started it correctly. I have a little bit of ease and also a little bit of weakness. How old are you? I am 22 years old. So, for 22 years, you have been doing farming and growing your farmland. You have been growing your dream at a very young age. So, tell me about your background. I have a secret. I have completed my second PC. I have completed my ITI in that. I have a lot of knowledge about business. But I have a desire to move forward after seeing that. What is your land? How much land do you have? I have 18 acres of land. I have a 1 acre of land in Batta. That is near to Neera. I have a lot of land in Onapaisa. Okay. How many people do you have at home? I have 5 people. My brother, my father and my mother. Okay. How do you grow your farm? I am the one who grows the most. I do not take care of the other people's houses. Why? You have done ITI and also started farming. I have no life without it. How did you get interested in the trade map? I have been doing it for a long time. When did you start taking the course? I wanted to take the course in the middle. But I got lucky. I was in the premium for 3 years. Okay. How did you start taking the course? I have to take time to take the course. I have been taking the course. What courses did you take? Dragon fruit and paper plate. I have also taken Sri Gandhath. I have also taken the course of Dalimbe. Okay. So you have taken the course of Dragon fruit. You already have the knowledge of farming. Because your father is a farmer. You can see the land and farm from the ground. You have the knowledge of all these. So how did you learn it? I have learnt it from my father. I learnt it because the land is not suitable for farming. We have to cut the land. Because it will not change fast. I have learnt a lot about it. I have learnt it. After learning it, I have learnt it. Because it is an attraction to camp. Because it absorbs water quickly. But it absorbs the land. Because it absorbs water quickly. I have learnt it. I have learnt it. Because it absorbs water quickly.
SandalWoodNewsStories_172.mp3:  I have come to a farm. I will show you how many plants are planted in one acre of land and how it is cultivated. Before that, let's see the BMM Farm. This is the BMM Organic Farm. They have planted sandalwood trees in one acre of land. Let's see how it is cultivated. They have cultivated the land here. If the water level is low, the water will be drained out of the land. This will help the soil. You can see the sandalwood trees. They are so beautiful. When I say Sri Gandha, I can't help but think of the crowd. I have to tell you a speciality. This tree cannot survive on its own. If we want Sri Gandha to survive, we have to give a parallel tree to it. When there is a tree next to it, the tree will die. If you want to grow anything, it is not good to grow only Sri Gandha. You have to give a supportive host plant to it. Only then, the tree will grow well. The tree will grow well and grow up to be your Sri Gandha. There are 15 varieties of sandals in the world. In that, there are Australian sandals and sandals. Both of these are very good. In India, there are two types of sandals. One is the Indian sandal and the other is the Australian sandal. Both of these are very good. In the world, we feel that both are very good. Especially, our Indian sandals have a lot of value. So, when we think about it, how much profit will we get if we do this farming? Before 2001, what we noticed was that even if we grow our own Sri Gandha, it was the government's choice. But now, the government has to promote this. Even if you grow your own sandal privately, you can grow your own Sri Gandha. But, the government has to take care of all the other factors. So, even if you grow one sandal, it should not be registered by the government. But, the good thing is that you can grow your own Sri Gandha in your farm. If you are able to do this as your children, usually, what we say is that for 30 years, if we grow our own Sri Gandha, we will get a lot of profit. It can be a lot of money. But, if we follow the scientific methods, if we take all these, if we grow our own Sri Gandha, we will get that profit in 15 years. That is the guarantee. That is, in 30 years, in 15 years, in half a term, we will get the profit. So, now, we are seeing these sandals in this farm. These sandals have been here for almost 2 years. So, it has been 2-3 years. We can see these mixed sandals here. If you grow these sandals after 10 years of natural farming, if you grow them after watching them very well, they will make at least 3 crore rupees. At least. Because, the rates will change. But still, the wood, usually, when we cut the wood, we get soft wood. That is why, there is not much value. But, in between that, there is hard wood. This is the value. If the shape of the wood is 2 feet, that is, from 70 to 80 kg, you will get hard wood from one tree. You can count the value of that wood. How much is it? For this, it is 250 more Rs. Sir... Can you buy & look there for myself? Nobody is going to ask You need to nourish it for 1-2 years in the beginning. Because when it is small, it will be difficult to get rid of the fungus. If you give only nutrition from the 3rd year, you will start to become a millionaire in 10 years. If you just plant Shree Gantha, it will not be possible to get rid of it. Because it can only take 2-3 nutrients from the soil. For that, another nutrient is required. You can use Dalimba, Sev, Papaya, any nutrient you want. But you need to give the support, the host plant, the regular nutrient. So, the berry of that nutrient will start to take the nutrients from this berry. By taking the nutrients, this fruit nutrient will be able to grow beautifully and beautifully. And it will be possible to grow even your Shree Gantha tree. So, this will never grow as a single tree. For that, another nutrient should be required. But we need to notice one more thing. If we are planting any regular nutrient, it should not be more than Shree Gantha. Because the sunlight is very important for that. From those sunlight, the oil and the soil should be keptторы checked heavily. Or else, you can reduce the période of time to 4 weeks. Also, if this year this year, you are growing youriritorn gaps then, You can take a good care of the growing period of time. And that is also crisp for performances growth That are possible for a nósd tree. But that does not mean all Pomegranate trees have dried out. This period has only 1 week of growth. And D is not there yet. Those диapraint trees, while it lid by the leaves, should take more than half prima Khanum追 PHE 6. Only 5 weeks. If at 1o weeks,해요 Ging dá a cro höu On the leaf tree,
SandalWoodNewsStories_169.mp3:  In our country, it is said that the current market has 16000 to 16000 acres Now, from 10 years, it has been around 2000 to 2000 years Now it has reached 16000 It is known that the people of Teethi are producing different products from Sri Ganda's seeds If you collect a seed that is more than 3 years old, we will buy back it Sri Ganda's soil is Civet When we moved to Chapegdhali for 으n う Module Mining into another village for爾 We asked them to do for What is Sing idiom Which one is best? The mother of life this is 3 years old it has been 3 years since it was made now it is in full bloom you can see it has come in full bloom it has become fully bloom what was the cost of this? we took the subsidy from the government of Karnataka from Aranya ilaka we paid 3 rupees for a piece of sushis how much money did you take to make sushis? we took 10 rupees from the government of Karnataka we took 10 rupees from the government of Karnataka when we took the sushis we took one by one we took one by one we did not take a lot and we did not take a lot we took a lot so we have taken a small amount and made small pieces and made small pieces and made small pieces we made sushis we made sushis in 19th June in 19th June we made sushis it has been 3 years we are making it early some sushis have not come out and we are regenerating it and growing it with the help of the plants What are the causes of the drought in this area? What are the causes of diseases? The diseases are less in Srikanta When it rains a lot it becomes a little dry and during that time the diseases are less but the drought is less and when it rains a lot it becomes a little dry and during that time we are taking care of the diseases like the COSIDA, the diseases of the cylinder and we are taking care of the diseases of the cylinders and we are taking care of the diseases of the cylinders and we are taking care of the diseases of the cylinders How is the water quality? Water is generally dripped and for that we do not require too much water it is said that it will die in 3 years and that is why they showers a dip in there and getsJiming the water two could get watery have Indian dry leaf persimmon seed in small vats then they cut it then we thought of giving it as a permanent host along with the chepa gida we have given reshmi reshmi is getting good support we are seeing the gida growing we are seeing the change the gida is growing slowly it is growing from there to there that is why we are doing the trinching normally for a side we are doing trinching of 2.5 liter 2 mL is 2 g per liter for the sri ganda gida to grow do you think we should cut the sri ganda gida? no we have collected information from YouTube that we should cut the rake half an inch away our relatives have given information because if we see it till 10 feet it will be good we have found out that it will grow to a height that is why we are maintaining it till 10 feet till one ganda gida we are doing it till 10 feet they have told that we can cut the rake half an inch away if we cut the rake will it give any benefit to the plant? rake is good even if it is there but cutting the rake is also good because if we want to get the ganda gida we have to be gentle we have to be gentle in this way we are doing it gently it is not wrong to cut the rake the plant will not develop cut it half an inch away and cut the rake when will the sri ganda gida be planted? when will the sri ganda be planted? we will be doing different production from sri ganda gida from now on sri ganda is a AFP weed we are making it for that purpose I had already told you that if you bring the seeds from ر30 you may buy back the seeds but for the sake of TRAINING I have been saying that if we produce again we will protect the plants we shouldutan we must oluyor những we are growing the new ones it will grow fast if we leave it there it will grow naturally in the forest but it can't grow in our mind because we are taking it in the same way as we have taken it in the past we have left it as it is because of the growth of the forest we are not getting any profit how do you save it? we are standing in the same position the government has left the open market for the 7th year of the forest
SandalWoodNewsStories_175.mp3:  Namaskara to all I am Ramesh Baluti I am from Kushtagi, Koppala district I am from Dalimbi I am from Sri Gandha, Kushtagi I have planted about 100 acres of Sri Gandha Now, I am coming from different parts of India and different districts of Karnataka They are asking me about Sri Gandha Sir, we are from Sri Gandha We are not from the forest department We are not from the forest department We are not from the forest department How can we grow Sri Gandha? How can we protect it from diseases and diseases? What are the facilities that the government has? Since it is a tropical plant It is not possible to grow it in the forest How can we make Sri Gandha and other facilities together? How can we build a market for it? Now, I am facing many problems I am facing many problems Now, in this video of my brother Satish Kattambale I would like to talk about these topics in detail Now, I will talk about the benefits of Sri Gandha Now, we will call it Sri Gandha in Kannada In English, we call it Sandalwood In Hindi, we call it Chandana What is this Sandalwood? This is growing in different parts of the world This is growing in different parts of the world This is growing in different parts of the world For example, it is growing in our country It is growing in Australia It is growing in Hawaii Island It is growing in Indonesia It is growing in Thailand It is growing in Thailand There are many different types of Sandalwood What is our Sandalwood? We call it Santalam Albam We call it Santalam Spicatum We call it Santalam Spicatum We call it Santalam Asi We call it Santalam Asi We call it Santalam Asi In this way, in different parts of the world There are many people of Sri Gandha What is Sandalwood? It is one of the commercial names It is one of the commercial names At present, I would say At present, I would say It is a special thing For our young people Who have come to this earth Who have come to this earth It is a special thing In this year, the law is being amended In this year, the law is being amended This is an opportunity In this year In 1982 In 1982 The law of the law of the law is called Rajaswami in Sri Gandh. In 1782, when the rule of the hundred satsangas was in effect, Tipu Sultan had a unification agreement with Sri Gandh. That was not the right of the people, but the right of the king. The law of the law of the law of the hundred satsangas was the same law. The law is passed in the year 2001-2002. When someone is born in Sri Gandh, it is his own child. Now, if you look at it now, if you take off your sandal, it is called a royal tree. That is, the king's house. Now, the people's houses can be built on it. We do not have to take any special permission from the government. After we grow up, Our VA, the village accountant, We take a Sri Gandh's Sri Gandh is attached to our water. So what happened is, Sri Gandh was done, And the government has agreed, It means that it is our decision. For example, we have done Sri Gandh in 2027. It is in our water. When we are in 2038, Or when we are in 2040, We have printed the water in 2027. It means that Sri Gandh has come in it. That means that Sri Gandh has been born for about six years, And given to the government. Yes, As per the laws But what about in the state of the state according to the government ? We went there evaluation it are. and other problems that may arise As you all know, sandalwood is basically a semi root parasite It is basically parasitic in nature Sree gandha is a parasitic species It is found in other trees Now, we have to pay attention to the size of the tree Similarly, sandalwood is a forest species It is a forest plant At the same time, it is a very native species of us It is not born from any other country This is our local nature Even from the hundreds of animals, we can find it in our mud, sandalwood, and sandalwood We can find it in our sandalwood In our local communities, there is no particular species It is a species that is known as the sandalwood of the world It is a very strong plant It is known as the sandalwood of the world It is not a dog's scent It is a very strong plant in the world It is called Santalum Album It is the queen of sandalwood It is the queen of sandalwood It is known as the sandalwood of the world Its It is known as the sandalwood of the world It is known as the sandalwood of the world At the same time, in our country, we planning several days The present What kind of plants come out of thishy mata Donails Precious What kind ofあぁ Goons Status We have obvious But in our mountain javelin coming out of this Common That's which we be My name is кажется Is it worth listening on audiobook? Since this is a very good quality, now the medicines that are available in the market the fragrance products now everyone is seeing this in Karnataka they need this product for their production so now there is a possibility now you may know Sri Ganda's price Sir, what is this? Is this a fake? Is this an empty gopura? All these tea drinkers who come here for tea or for some scheme or some white muslim or some satavari you may have heard about satavari Is this a fake? What is this? Some people just said that they are trying to change some plants It is true to use this in that medical way today 70, 80, 100, 150 rupees for Sri Ganda is being cheated by the farmers is what we are seeing but today Sri Ganda if we talk about the market today there is a case deal that Sanataka sandal detergents limited today in bengaluru in ishwantpur there is a a soap carton they are retailing pure sandalwood oil 5 gram 10 gram in 2 packing 5 gram 2000 10 gram 5000 means half a bag 2000 one bag 5000 1000 gram 5000 1000 gram 5000 1000 gram 5 lakhs If 1000 gram is 1 kg then the Karnataka government is retailing in Karnataka at a rate of 5 lakhs per kg Then the sree gandha is retailing small sandals through kaveri emporium through an government agency and the price of sandals is 2,600 rupees that is 26,000 per kg 26 lakhs per quintal 2 crore 60 lakhs per ton is being retailed by the Karnataka government to Karnataka we all know this the price of 1 ton is 2 crore 60 lakhs now today in raithubandhavar if the land is 4 acres then we should not do more than that not 4 acres in all 1 fourth means 1 acre 3 acres is the cost of our traditional agriculture 1 acre if we do sree gandha based agriculture if we do sandalwood centric agroforestry if we do 1 acre we get 300 sree gandha even if the land is 10 kg we can get it we have written economic yield in the last 15 to 20 years 10 kg is 3 tons per 300 acres we can expect sandalwood and artwood now this is an opportunity now law has been passed the scientific system has developed now it is a market market has been created we are living in global era now we are living in the era of market now we can say this is an opportunity we can say this is a chance we have the means of income we have the land we have the land in our town we can use that what we have done now from now on we can live an economic and healthy life we can study and not only living an economic life we can give shelter to animals give food to animals we can travel we can take care of animals we have the social responsibility we can fulfill the social responsibility we can fulfill the social responsibility not only economically economically in addition to economic life a healthy life a ideal life a spiritual life we can live I am saying this in this situation
SandalWoodNewsStories_176.mp3:  Aranya, our government is giving many schemes but the government schemes are not being implemented In today's world, the most costly wood is Agarwood It is a very expensive wood 1 kg of wood is worth 6 lakhs Oil is even more expensive Approximately, we can guess 2-3 crores Youth should be treated like a servant at night They should be able to work from home They should have gold in their hands They should have a change in their style Youth should do whatever they want They should not be forced to drink the flesh of the dead Please visit my farm once and see if any of the youth from any of the bando from any of the bando of Shunya can earn at least 150,000 rupees a month Please visit my farm Greetings to all the viewers My name is Suresh Babu This is a green wood farm This is Kolaru This is a green wood farm near KMF Dairy This is a green wood farm in Karnataka This is because This is your address It is 68 km from Bangalore You can google it on YouTube You can get live views You can get live views You can get live views You can get live views from KMF Dairy This is 1 km away from here This is a natural agriculture What is happening in our land is that if we believe one thing or another our land is getting lost That is why we are doing this concept to make natural agriculture The speciality of this green wood farm is that even if there is no agriculture our farm is there Every agriculture concept is there What is there is chicken, chicken, fish, vegetables, vegetables, vegetables, kitchen gardening, medicinal plants, agritourism, Ruddhasrama Everything is there We are doing this concept to make this feel like a natural agriculture In our natural agriculture every week we get training from the people of Karnataka Gulbarga, Haveri, Koppala, Bidhar We get training from there Our training is different Our training is different When we see our farm we have to learn 50% What is there in our farm and the rest 50% They learn from the theoretical concept we give them The theoretical concept is that we cannot show anything on TV or projector What I am earning What I am earning from chicken What I am earning from chicken We give them the explanation live This is our natural agriculture Today many youth I am asking this to the people of Karnataka Youth Leave your ancestral property and go to SLC or PUC degree in Bangalore and work hard for 10,000 rupees and work hard for the last 10 years and earn some money for your life Leave the land leave your parents and live in all ways and hope that you will have nothing for your life Please visit my farm once In this farm a youth who does not have any land can earn at least 150,000 rupees for a month and live peacefully Today we are investing 50,000 rupees and earning a minimum of 10,000 rupees for a month For this we need scientific method According to this method if you watch it in YouTube or watch any video you will not understand What is behind it and what is the meaning of this farm For the youth we should be healthy at night and at night I should have two cars and gold in my hands and my style should change Youth think like this Youth think like this For that I request youth to go to office to delivery to security or Thank you Thank you Vivekananda says that if youth changes, nation will change If youth doesn't change, nation will not change Because if youth thinks, they can do anything they want That's why Vivekananda says, give the flesh of a cow and the flesh of a cow Because if youth is there, nation will change In Samagra Kursi, all types of pet animals are there We are calling the chicken as the main commercial There is chicken, there is chicken's head, there is a thousand of sheep There are 700 bloods, 600 cows There are 35 species of animals Lichy, dragon fruit, cow, mango, jackfruit, jackfruit, cardan All these are the concepts we have in our mind All these are the species of animals We should be natural and not be born in the dead We have a garden We have the food and the resources we need in that garden There is a forest along with it It is giving us comfort We have peace and happiness All these are the methods to do Samagra Kursi If youth comes and sees it, it will be useful for our training It will be useful for our farming This is the specialty of Samagra Kursi Sir, Samagra Kursi is a long term crop We have to grow the crops in Samagra Kursi We have to grow the crops in a short period of time If we want to grow the crops in a short period of time, we need 10 to 15 years What do the farmers say? Do we have to stay quiet and invest till then? They don't get the motivation to grow the crops in a short period of time What do you say to this? You have asked a very good question Sir, we have to stay quiet for 12 years What I am saying is I am from the Bundwal of Shunya You can take any crop you want to grow there The government is providing the same crop The government is providing the same crop for your crop They are the ones who provide the crop They provide the crop for maintenance After planting the crop, there will be a water supply For the supply of water, you need to make small amounts I am saying that If you are going to the market to harvest the crops If you are going for 20 rupees, they will buy the crop for 2 rupees If you harvest the crop for 2 rupees, it will cost you 1 lakh rupees I am saying that You should do marketing as a scientist When you do marketing, you will look like a beast If you don't do marketing, you will fail in many crops If you do farming, you will fail If you are going to grow the tomatoes for 5 rupees They will sell it for 40 rupees We are going to grow the crops That is why we are saying We farmers should build a market That is why the government is doing this Start FPO's Start farmers producing organizations People are not getting awareness Start it Start marketing methods There are many popular media Start from one of the media You will get marketing That is why I am saying You should do the ironing method Every ironing method has different types of trees If you leave 4-5 trees in it we can grow some kinds of produce A few items, I Technology is stone Do you think those can grow 1 tree? It can grow anything Trees can not grow anything Dung can not grow Wood can not grow被res can not grow or you can make it into a manis or you can make it into a yelakki we can do such kind of science or you can make a tree and make it into a tree trunk and if 2-3 people cut it it will grow well and you can grow other plants so from this the tree will grow and you can grow more plants this is called science people don't know that we have made a tree but nothing happens below we have made a tree and there is another science we have made a tree 12 feet long actually this is not the real method we have to make a tree 12 feet long why 12 feet long because I make a tree 23 times a year in order to make a tree the next plant will grow and grow now I have made a tree between two trees I have made a host for the tree and made a mulberry now I have made a tree and it will grow slowly now it has grown to 16 lakhs now it has grown to 16 lakhs now it has grown to 16 lakhs how many lakhs will it be we don't need to check it we have a seed I have a stem if you give a stem to a stone for what purpose for wood or plywood sheet minimum 10 will be 5000 if you say that the mulberry will die it will be 4000 if you say that the seed will die it will be 5000 if you say that it will die it will be 50000 if it dies it will be 50000 lakhs it will be 50000 lakhs at one time it will be a hum on at one time it will be a hum on at one time it will be a hum on our youth our people we have to be careful at night we have to take our car at night in this concept in agriculture you have to keep everything don't keep only one tree missile or this there is something to give to you towards dryland do not use all sufferings later some people do it Gesu but that equal choice in drypoint, usually one guy takes seeds the other one in diasporas so this place will be flat čoulu boom that we use in shrubbing we bring網 and we light weekly then what profit will we get from it we should think commercial people think that agriculture can not thinking commercial so everyone should think commercial brother let me ask you a thing, now day you are doing the sow farmyard training still remaining of your land with the deposits left. Is it possible that they allow you to sow the seeds now itself? Let's get rid of those Umsno Partners Let's get rid of those Adding so much effort into it you will not be able to earn even that... opinions like that of Ragi P runway on one hand everything is perfect but on the other you plant्s and Make it a two-year plan, take some advice from it, and then make marketing your creative plan. All these are scientific. If you are a big farmer, do an IPO. You need knowledge for the IPO. If you have the knowledge, you will have the knowledge for the future. The farmer producing organization is being implemented by the central government. I have been asking many farmers to make another 100 farmers. But they are not able to do it. Because the farmers are not aware of the situation. All these are concepts. What do you think about our agriculture? I have not seen agriculture in this condition. Many people are my fans. Many people have called me. I have seen your Gulbargadu Jai. Many people have called me. Many people have called me. I have seen 150 people have come to my training. More than 150 people have come. If you see the farm in the south, you will see it everywhere. But if you see our side, no one does it. They just grow it for a year. They see what happens next year. And then they grow it for the next year. Sir, I have seen your YouTube channel and the farm. I have answered all the critical questions. I am ready to answer. What else can I say? Sir, some of us don't know. What is the difference between Raktachandana and Sri Gandha? This is the main thing. What is the difference between Raktachandana and Sri Gandha? Sri Gandha is a farm that is not supported by any other farm. It needs hosting. People do this. They come and say that they have seen something. But you have seen it. Do you know the difference? The difference is that the farm is not supported by the other farm. They come and say that they have seen something. Then they say, let us see what happens next. This is the difference between Raktachandana and Sri Gandha. If you see the central part of the farm, You will see that the same thing is happening. But when you see the central part, If you see the central part of the farm, It is different. It is different. It is different. You will see the difference. But if you see the central part, Raktachandana is the same. If you see the central part, in both the wood, one will become weak so for Sri ganda, there should be a balance for rakta chandana, there is no balance rakta chandana will grow individually for Sri ganda, timber, wood and soil will grow in this case, soil is being taken from the roots I have seen that the roots are being taken this is the angle for rakta chandana Sri ganda is costly according to my knowledge, rakta chandana is going to wood Sri ganda is very good in this world, the most costly wood is agarwood it is very expensive agarwood is very expensive we have training on agarwood we will give information on where to get agarwood agarwood is very costly sir, have you grown it anywhere in Karnataka? in Karnataka, we have grown it in Karnataka, we have taken training in a royal pond I have given 10 sassi of agarwood now it is grown there for that, grafting is required at a certain time then it is very costly sir, what kind of weather is required for that? it is normal weather after it grows, after it reaches a height there are scientific methods for that all that is done and planned in a way that is not forgotten for that, it is necessary to have a plan I have a plan sir, how long will it take for the sri ganda to grow? if you want a proper dry land minimum 20 years is required 20 years is required if you want 15 years, then it is said if you want 20 years, then it is required if you have a little more time it will take 15-16 years sir, how much can you grow per acre of sri ganda? sir, per acre of sri ganda depends upon whether you grow main or sub-garden it depends on that as far as I know, from 250 to 200 acres per acre is comfortable if you have a lot of land, then it will not grow see, our government is giving many schemes but the farmers are not following the schemes of the government there are many schemes all the departments and the brochures are there every training, every year, every week I am telling you all the schemes I have given you the schemes of IHR all the farmers should know about it and after our training we will give you an authorised certificate if you want to do loan or something else this certificate will be eligible all these will be very beneficial for you sir, for example if you grow sri ganda per acre how much will it be in 20 years? sir, I am telling you if 1 kg sri ganda grows as wood it will cost 16 lakhs if it grows as oil, it will cost more if we guess approximately it will cost 2-3 crores approximately approximately from 2014-15 most of the government has given us the credit that everyone grows in the land of Kasgi most of the sri ganda that grows as sri ganda is not available according to our statistics now, there are some sri ganda that grows as sri ganda but they have lost their profit now, sri ganda that grows as sri ganda is available for 6-7 years if it grows as sri ganda for 6-7 years the number of sri ganda that grows as sri ganda will be less that is the clarity of the sri ganda if it grows as sri ganda for 6-7 years how much will it grow in 1 acre? same from 1 acre it can grow to 200 if it grows to 100 it can grow to 250 how long will it grow? same sir, it will grow to 20 years how much will it grow in that? sri ganda will not grow that much it will grow to 1-2 crores approximately it will grow that much today's number is a mistake we don't know how this sri ganda is used? how can we find the right way? there is a scientific fact in sri ganda this is called as halli sri ganda many people don't know this concept in sri ganda, first the sri ganda is grown in trees the sri ganda is used because the sri ganda is grown in trees the sri ganda is very tasty the stem of the tree is made of wood and the wood is made of wood to make that tree, it is made of wood now, the sri ganda we grow the sri ganda we grow the taste of the sri ganda is less than that of the native sri ganda but in future our stem will not grow any hole we can change our stem that is why we are growing this type of sri ganda leaving the native sri ganda the sri ganda that has crossed the seeds the government is giving it in our private nurseries we are getting it when you grow this type of sri ganda in future you can grow your stem for the purpose of sri ganda if you grow this type of stem if you do any kind of brokerage it will go to the level of the building if you do any kind of brokerage directly it will be profitable what you need in the agriculture is the importance of the marketing that is the main thing finally, what do you say about the Samagra agriculture and your training system for the farmers and the farmers please do not leave the native sri ganda as a dry land India is a land of farmers agriculture is the main thing every youth even if they are 5-6 years old the native sri ganda is not a burden on their land they can take the land and grow the land and get good clean air and rain if we are clean the future generation will be good please encourage the youth and everyone to do Samagra agriculture with the money and the land that is my last conclusion finally, we thank you for your valuable time and information that you have given to us and to our viewers thank you so much
SandalWoodNewsStories_179.mp3:  1 kg is 8000 to 14000 kg That means for 1 tonne, 80 lakhs to 1 crore 20 lakhs is 1 tonne Any special occasion, experience, or experience is enough for us. Our life is growing Music This is the speed No one can go there I have never seen a manathalwada I have been to many districts I have been to many places and here I have seen many things You have shown me the district of Talukku I was surprised I have seen it before Ramesh Balvutgi sir You are watching There is a Sri Gandhath Samarajya around us I don't like to call it a Sri Gandhath Thotta This is Sri Gandhath Samarajya We have come to a real Gandhath temple What is this Gandhath temple story? Sir has told me a very interesting story Anandatheertha Patti is there He is a very good writer He is a good farmer and a good man He has told me that he has reformed I have seen his stories there I will welcome you to see what is his story Who is he sir? This is a village in Narsapura This is the main road of Krishnivu Koppal Koppal district is the Elburga Taluk Our farms come here We have Mandalamari and Madalgatti This type of series Please come from the gate I will come sir Please come He is Rasool sir Iremani He is a progressive farmer Hello sir I am a farmer He is very good He is a farmer I am a farmer He is a good man He has not written any book He has not written any book I have not read any literature He is a poet He is a good person You know him from Vadanadu Where are you from? I am from Dammur You can go there He is a thinker He is a thinker of dharam He is a big person He earns something He has only one anger My brother.. He is my brother Sir Even he does not like sweet words Ok I beautifully understood Yes See for yourself You can see the speed of the boat. Thirst and desire. I am Ramesh Devendrappa Balutigai. I am from Kuppala district. My father is Devendrappa Balutigai. He is the father of the farm that has been growing Dalembe since 80 years. He has planted about 150 acres of Dalembe. He is the president of the National Dalembe Farm Association. We are attracted to him. We have come here to cultivate. We have come here to cultivate Dalembe. After the year 2008, we have come here to cultivate Dalembe. We have come here to cultivate Dalembe. This is a bacterial blight. We have come here to cultivate. We have come here to cultivate. After 2000 years, we have grown 30 acres of Dalembe. After that, we have grown 150 acres of Dalembe. We have grown 30 acres of Dalembe. We have grown 150 acres of Dalembe. This is the same plot. This is 70 acres. This type of block is grown on 3 sides. We have three plots. This is Mandlumari. This is Madalgatti. All these are now being turned into forest. Since Srikanth is a steady asset and the Bishali is growing well, we are now going to do Srikanth farming. We have done the plantation we have done there. What is here is a Dalimbiya Toto. This is your entrance. Yes. Which village is this exactly? This is Narsapura. You have come from Narsapura. This is the Narsapura border. I will tell you the address. This is the way to Kushtugi from Koppal. Yes, it is the Mandalamari cross. You have to take a walk from Koppal to Kushtugi. You have to walk another 1.5-1.25 Kms to reach this Toto. Yes. Sir, is this a nursery? Yes, this is because we have to take care of the trees, the trees, the birds, the birds, the birds. This is our world. How will you pass your time? All the people who are here, the people of Sri Manthra, how will you pass your time? Where is our time? Time is not enough. We have to pass it. We talk about the birds, we talk about the trees, but we don't understand the language. We spend our time here. Sir, who are the pilots? We have to get all kinds of birds here. Very close to it, in a competitive way, we have to get the best birds. That is our dream. So, if you bring any bird, I will get that bird. What? You will get anything? Yes, that is it. We have to bring all kinds of birds here. Then, our Raichur, Kopla district, Hyderabad-Karnataka, now Kalyanakarnataka, that is, Bisulunadu, Bharathanadu, that is what they say. Indulida Pradesh, that is Indulida Pradesh. From here, Mallinaadu. Our Karnataka's Mallinaadu, Andhra Pradesh's Mallinaadu, Maharashtra's Mallinaadu, from here, we are supplying the birds. From which country does the bird come, from that, it comes to Mallinaadu? From Mallinaadu, it comes from here. Superb! Yes. What is this sir? You are making all these in Maratha, right? Yes, sir. These are Jambu Neera. Yes. What? Yes. These are, Chakova, Chokova, these are not made of chocolate, they are called Cocoa, right? Cocoa Geda. These are not Cocoa Geda. Yes. And Rudrakshi Geda. That one. Yes. Rudrakshi Geda. It will be like Rudrakshi. Yes, yes. Rudrakshi will come, Rudrakshi will come, right? Yes. Rudrakshi Geda. Rudrakshi Geda. Yes, yes. Oh, that is a plant. Yes, yes, sir. It is a plant. It will grow if it is a small plant. It is a deep pulping Rudrakshi. Okay. And this is called Sita Ashoka. This is called Saraka Ashoka. This. All these. What is in it? Is it a fruit? These are medicinal plants. Medicinal plants. Okay. Each part of this has medicinal properties. There may be bark, there may be flower, there may be leaves, there may be a bear, all these have medicinal properties. Wow. This is called Braivafilm. Braivafilm. This is called Kadu Basale. Kadu Basale. Oh, Basale means a plant. Basale. Kadu Basale. This is for the kidney stone. Five days. It should not be given in empty stomach. One day, five curry leaves, little salt. If it is taken in a big bowl, it will be of any age. There is a power to go to the total kidney stone. What about the operation? Nothing is required, sir. In the nature, medical studies are not required. It is not required. It is not required. It is not required. It is not required. It is not required. It is not required. It is not required. It is not required. It is This is a blacknéy bed. It is used onrait next to water. Ilipana is used onlit notice under water on a spring basis. See this is the nature of this plant. This leaf is touched and it will grow from here itself. It will grow from here itself. See this is the nature of this plant. This is called as Breva Film. It is used to make money for kidney stones. It is called as Sahaja Yoga Parthaka. It is said that this earth is full of food. It means that this earth has all the things in its body. We should try to find it. We can grow this plant in our place. Will it grow in trees or in the forest? No, it will grow in bushes. It can grow in fields or in pots. See this is the nature of this plant. This is called as Vismaya. See this. See this. See this. It is said that earth gives all the things. The positive involvement of scriptures and Heutevata maha in this field is incredible. Killot cycle Life is we believing very strong ow sweetie of breakwater. At one time, high temperature withoutrepair is there in an one petal, Here in our village, we grow Amritha Noni. Will this grow in size? Yes, it will grow. It is a big plant. It has a very strong smell. Yes, it has a strong smell. It is a plant that grows in the form of leaves and leaves. Noni It will get all kinds of seeds. Yes, it will grow. Which village is it? It is a four-arbitre flower. Which district is it? Gulbarga. It is from there. From where it is being supplied? From Rajasthan, Gujarat, from here it is being supplied. Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra. From here? Yes. It is in a very high demand. Yes, it is our brand. It is not a potting mix. It is not a chemical mix. No chemical is used here. No chemical is used here. Here, it is a mixture of trichoderma, pseudomonas, PSB, Vamu, bacillus, silicus. All are microbial mixes. You can see it. If you look inside, you will find about 250-300 varieties of plants. Variety of varieties. Within that, sub-variety will grow to 1000 species. I have not made any board. I have not made any SR. Because, my board is those who have taken it, they will not get anything good. They are your promoters. They do not have any power like me. Those who have taken it, they will get good. I have got good. Correct sir. So, the promotion that you get from the mouth to the mouth is a big promotion. That is all. No advertisement. Sir, this is actually my second generation. But, my father used to make Dalembe and Papaya Sasi. No one else does it. My interest and interest is high. I like the birds, trees, birds of prey. So, I have done it. All the birds should get me. Because, when I look at it, I did not get the taste of Gudamatta. When we are going to do any work, we do not get the taste of Gudamatta. I have faced it. But, I did not accept it. I thought, this farmer is facing this problem. What are we doing? All the taste should be there. All these are Jambu Neera. It is a Baudoli variety. This is a bird. It will start its life in 3-4 years. This bird. It will start its life in 3-4 years. It is a Baudoli. This is Jambu Neera. This is Jambu Neera. It is a Baudoli variety. See, it has become hard. It has become hard. It is grafted. This type. These are Gudamatta. Potting mixtures do not use any chemicals. Full of Trichoderma, Pseudomonas, PSB, Vamo, Bacillus, Silicus. It all is microbial mixtures. Zero chemical used. 100% organic. No chemicals. No, no. The difference between earth and earth is that we see this as a wall but when it is not what is it made of? It is made of sand and stones but there is nothing inside This is called corona This is a little I have given it a little bit of clay and it is being cleaned in the well This is called Sindur This is natural In the food and pharmaceutical industry they use natural red colour and in the food industry they use this These are being grown in the land of Bissell It is being grown very well Why should they not do it? This is a work of making an acreage and then making a market Why should they not do it? This is a great price in the local market I agree with you but the farmers ask me I will grow it I will work hard and grow it I will ask you from where What is there is Nothing is easy to grow Let us do it Let us grow the market Let us establish it Let us not let anyone be a reliance or a common man and let him grow it in our village Let us let him grow it in our country We are farmers We have grown it We need a market We need to do it For example You have education You think about it Our farmers have education They think about it We need to do marketing We will save the quality You see In our district Kalbur Tomorrow we will come from Ongola From Maharashtra It is about 1000 km away I will not make a board I have a method I have responsibility I will make it This is your example This is starfruit Starfruit This is already It is ripe If you want to know something This is starfruit This is Gauri Ganesh's It is over ripening This is sweet Not Uli Sweet starfruit This is a sweet Sweet This is a starfruit This is a starfruit This is a vitamin C This is a starfruit We call it tropical fruits These are called Kanda Sampiga These are used in aromatherapy These are used in aromatherapy These are all Gidduthadi We have seen all our Sampiga This is called Kanda Sampiga This is very good Kanda Sampiga These are all dwarf variety These are all This is Nimbay Thailand variety Nimbay Thailand variety Nimbay Nimbay Thailand variety This is Nimbay This is all This is small one These are not hybrid These are all air layering These are all air layering They don't take any chemicals No chemicals is used No fishing spray They don't use any That one she scrap Hafesa Nice smell indication Thailand Berlin HAS Nimbay This is the golden sitaphal. The new batch is over there. This is star fruit. This is not a leaf, it is sweet. This is star fruit. Sweet star fruit. Taste it. Eat it here. It contains Vitamin C. We don't have any cure for corona. Even our farmers are suffering from it. They are giving us the whole world. Even our children are suffering from it. We don't need any doctor. We are not there to give them anything. We are here to feed them. Why didn't you give it to your family? It is not there now. If we feed them, they should eat it. They should go to the hospital. Yes. We are told that if we give it to our family, they will not feel good. They will feel like death. They will feel like death. But now, the food culture has changed. Even in the rural areas, we get all the fruits. Apple, orange, dragon fruit. Even in the rural areas, we get it. Now, the new generation is getting educated. Like this. Let our farmers do all these. Let them do everything. If you do not know anything, let them not do agriculture. Let them do it in their own house. Or in their own land. Let them do it. Let them do it in their own land. Let them eat the birds. Let them eat the birds. What is wrong in that? Let them eat the bees. Yes. They eat the bees. They eat the honey. It controls the biological. This is the... They need it. They need it in the nature. These are different. Do you have coconut? Do you have coconut here? No. The people of Mallayalam live here. They get the benefits of sports. What is this? This is cactus. Show plant. These are all other things. This is Agar wood. It is called Agar bathi. It is grown here. Here. It is called Agar wood. It is grown here. In India, it is called Uud. Uud bathi is grown here. Uud bathi is grown here. It is grown here. This is grown for 12 years. After 12 years, it gets fungal infection. It gets dried. It grows like this. It is like a saint. It is like Agar bathi. Yes. This is Agar bathi. It is grown like a bathi. This is natural Agar wood. This is grown in our area. Yes. People are saying that this is not affordable. This is the costliest wood. It may be sandalwood. It is red sandalwood. Tino corpus and santalina sandalwood. These are all red sandalwood. Yes. Yes. This is the blood sandalwood. Yes. These are all costliest wood. Tino corpus and santalina sandalwood. These are all red sandalwood. How much is this costliest? What is the price of this sandalwood? It is crores. It is crores. It is crores. If you have sandalwood, it is 1 ton. Now, 1 Kg KSDL. You can see it in Bengaluru. Yes. In Mysore Central. Yes. Mysore people process it. 1 Kg should have 4% oil content. For 4% oil content, it can be harvested. It is 8000 to 1400 kg. That means, 1 ton is 80 lakhs to 1 crore 20 lakhs. 1 ton. In our country, we have a lot of speciality and experience. We have a lot of experience. Yes. Our life is growing. This is the most expensive sandalwood in the world. It is crores of crores. The chemical composition that comes in it is Santalol, Santaline and Santine. Alpha, Beta, Santalol. More than 90% of it. More than 90% of it. This is not available anywhere in the world. Thank you.
SandalWoodNewsStories_184.mp3:  Namaskar friends today we are doing another important video that is how important is light and host for Sree gandha for its growth and growth we will see here our friend is showing you Sree gandha is 7 years old we have given host for it it is not induced with host it is not maintained it is a house that we have built when we have host you can see the surrounding area see the house on the right side there is no host if you see the surrounding area if you see the growth it is in a good condition we have not given any fertilizer it is a natural house if you see the right side there is no host see the growth difference it is a house that has been maintained for 8 years if someone comes to this place many people will know this place we will show you when it grows in the water you will see what is the problem now we have big holes in front of our hostel in front of that when we have Sree gandha all the holes are covered with mud but the growth is on the left you can see why is it on the left because it is not getting proper sunlight here it is showing only one hole so the sunlight is getting it is going up a little see that but around that see that it is going up a little because it is in competition it is in competition it is in a competition it needs light it is in a competition it is in a competition ok this is a demanding house so this is not getting proper sunlight ok it is going up a little people say that it has grown 10 feet in a year it has grown 20 feet ok it is not useful how much height it is it does not matter for a year unless it should come around because there is no ratio of the heart above the hole it depends on the size ok 30 to 70 is the ratio you can see here there are small holes it is getting height more than 6 feet but it is not round ok it is under shade many people put 5 feet with maha gani 450 maha gani 450 sree gandha put in one acre means 900 holes put in one acre many people ok I would like to tell them come and see our garden or you can come to come and see or you can give wrong information come and see because the farmers are collecting I will not get any profit from it like we are telling them good things we will give water but we are giving it as a debt because one thing is the farmer should get good quality you give good quality or come and see come and see we do not know do not think that everything will come do not take our farmer's life to give your water I am requesting this if you have any questions or if you want to know more about us come to our college or come and learn about us and see what we have done and change your video or your opinion ok friends, stay with us until then, Namaskara
SandalWoodNewsStories_197.mp3: BERDIEnels you should create a good ROI income If you make 6000 rupees, you will get a good income. But, it will fail in many ways. Why it will fail, why we are giving it, what we should do, I will give you the information. I have said that, when we look at Indian epics and Qurans, we have many information about Srinath. I will not discuss about it. There are many uses for it. There is a medicine called oil. Today, they have published a paper on the use of oil to cure cancer. Till then, Srikanth has been strong. The strength of Srikanth is that, some industries have become dependent on Srikanth's oil. They are doing their own plantation. You can ask about Parparag industry. In Mandipuradesh, there is a place called Kutni. That place is called Parparag. They have done their own plantation. For their business, what they do is, for that Parparag business, they have to get a cent. They have to get a cent for all Srikanth's oil. Otherwise, the cent is not available. So, they have to get Srikanth's oil fixed. Because of that property, they do not need that oil. They have done their own plantation. So, Srikanth is a place in Karnataka and it is a place for other countries. They have some interest in this region. They have won private parties, farmers, some have done their own NGO. In Maharashtra, they have done some training in a place called Nammatru. They have done nursery there. They have done some research there. It is a not traditional area. I have some information about that. Why is there an economics? Everyone has a question. I have come to ask about economics. Why should you learn economics? That is, If we compare the economic growth of Srikanth, we should know the economic growth of Srikanth. Because Srikanth has many challenges. It is difficult to sell the seedlings and to grow the trees. It is also difficult to sell the colour of the trees and to get the right amount of money. So, when we sell such a challenging crop, we should know the cost of the crop. If we know the cost of the crop, we should decide whether to sell it or not. The most important thing is the economics of sandal. When we study the economics of sandal, we should understand the complexity of sandal. We should understand the complexity of sandal. If we understand the complexity of sandal, we can understand the importance of sandal. Srikanth is a challenging crop because it is not the only crop. If you want to grow another crop, you have to buy an alternate host. It is not possible to grow different types of trees in different stages. So, it is challenging. If we understand the complexity of sandal, we can understand the economics of sandal. First, Srikanth has a lot of work. Next, we have to understand the cost of the alternate host. The cost of the alternate host is the result of the production. So, the economics of sandal varies. That is why the selection of the alternate host is important. And, this is decision making. Every stage has to be taken. If you observe the stages and the decisions taken, you will understand the next level. I will explain it to you. These are different crops. You have to collect the villages in these phases. This is the採ast sector. We have mysft at that time never, not will leave here. Tipi potrzeves such a circle in the soccer field. When noatl referring to these are that of the cyclical fields. In such week, we need to bring the aspect ofassa like. both are drip many different types. this is your first site preparation this is my first demonstration video that shows theseras gratitude First we have to select the land, we have to see the soil surface, we have to see the soil surface to know if the sand can rise or not So we have to test the sand in the soil surface, we have to collect the sand in our agricultural centers, universities and soil scientists labs and we have to test it at a reasonable rate In that report you will get the meaning of the soil, why the soil is less, the soil scientists will ask you if you can grow the tree crops here or not, they will give you a report If you have nitrogen, what should you do? If you have nitrogen, what should you do? You will get a report For that, you have to follow all these The most important thing for the sand is pH If you have 6.5 to 7.8 pH in your sand, it is safe If you have pH, it means hydrogen ion concentration is reduced That pH is very important because the imbalance of pH is that the soil of the plants is not properly moved The soil of the plants is also not properly moved The soil of the plants is also not properly moved So, if the soil is in a neutral pH, the absorption and exchange of the ions is correct So, the soil is also good So, the pH is very important We have to see the organic carbon as well Organic carbon means the amount of carbon in it If the organic carbon content is good, the plants will be more If you are doing nutrients or if you are doing crops, you can keep it in your hands and use it for your plants If you are doing nutrients or if you are doing crops, you can keep it in your hands and use it for your plants So, you have to see all these things After the soil is tested, they say that the soil is in neutral pH You can grow the soil in this place quickly If you are doing nutrients or if you are doing crops, you can grow the soil in this place quickly So, we are explaining that if you have selected a particular soil, you have to select a particular vector After selecting the selected soil, you have to do land preparation Now, the place is ready To do land preparation, you have to use a lot of stones, bricks, and other materials To do this, you have to spend a lot of money to maintain the soil So, if you spend a lot of money, you can do land preparation You can do a lot of work like planting trees, planting a tractor, ploughing, etc. So, you have to select the land that is less expensive and you can do a lot of work Selection of land is very important Next, the slope The driver has said that the slope is very important Water should flow cleanly when the land is being planted The water that has come to the edge should be there to stop the rain Now, the land is ready You have to do planting The slope is not given, land preparation is done directly So, after the land preparation, the next question comes What should be done next? After the land preparation, you have to do the fitting I have given a slope of 11 meters I have given a slope of 2% and I have done the level and I am ready You have to do the fitting What we do after the plantings is We go to the forest department and give the application Sir, I want to do a subsidy You have to prepare a lot of land in your subsidiary You have to give the land from the Aadhar card It is ready You have to do planting in June July The marks will start in June July You have to do planting So, before planting, you have to do the fitting When to do the fitting How to do the fitting At what distance to do the fitting Why to do the fitting All these questions come to mind When to do the fitting, I say that the land should be in the size of a heart Usually, I recommend 45 cm x 45 cm 45 cm x 45 cm One by one, one by one, one by one, one by one Why one by one, one by one, one by one All those one by one, one by one, one by one The size of the seedling The size of the seedling That size of the pit should be correct The type of the heart should be Who will do the planting If I have to do the planting in June Should I do it in one month or three months Question Who will do the planting You should not expect to do the planting in January February Because In January February, the winter season starts The base season starts March, April, full base season In that base season The heart will not be planted The soil will be exposed to the sun light The sun light will fall on the soil The weather will be good The weather will be good The soil will be good In January August My tule My tule vue My ty raisons End I think we will give the seedling to the nursery and cover it with a plastic cover when you give the seedling to the nursery, you will first remove the top layer of the soil then you will add a farm yard manure to the soil if you add a farm yard manure to the soil, it will increase the water holding capacity and when you do planting, you will irrigate the soil with flood irrigation you will irrigate the soil with flood irrigation so that the water can get absorbed because if you start planting in June, it will rain and you will not know when it will rain again so you will water the soil first to avoid risk water the soil and make sure it is clean
SandalWoodNewsStories_200.mp3:  Hi, Namaskara Today I am going to talk about a topic that is Microchip for women protection Everyone has a doubt and dreams about their health and how to protect them from it and how to save money and also how to install the chip and how much it costs and when to install it and how many years it takes to install a battery so I will give you the complete video and also I will not subscribe to any other channel please subscribe to the Dayoot channel and also share this video in groups because there is no other information I am giving it in variations in newspapers or in other articles that I wash the chip and tell you all the details and I will tell you the complete information about it before starting the video here you can see a lot of chips that we have already installed and this is a prototype this is a testing chip but when we are testing this chip has a mesh this is a chip that is 18 to 25 years old ok this is a new chip for this chip they are giving protection so it is a testing but why they have a mesh because someone is trying to destroy this chip ok for some reason they have given a mesh for this chip this is one of the protection if you have a mesh for any other chip there is a machine that is called chainsaw but this chip is not able to destroy it and then why they have 5 to 8 feet if you ask it is because the depth is 5 feet from the ground and the depth of the ground is 5 feet so what you see there is a small chip that is a memory chip or a security chip ok in common terms you call it a security chip that chip is the security and it works for you but how much does this chip cost see this chip is available for 500 to 800 rupees for today's rate it is available for a small price ok if this chip is available for a small price how can you do the protection the question is very important ok so now i will tell you in detail if the voice is not correct because of the sound issue if we record this again this chip is available for 8 years this is another type from 2 to 3 types the size is 2.5 inch by 2.5 inch ok so this chip is available for a small price but the chip is not visible in the same shape and colour because it is so camouflage it is a try to hide but still it is visible for the eyes ok in this prototype 8 feet 8 feet from the ground this chip is placed in the distance if you cut from the ground what sound will come like dud dud dud when it comes from the machine it creates vibration by taking that vibration it will give you an alarm ok this is not helpful to trace because when this is alerted you will come and attack the eye or try to hide if you do not come even if you alert see what protection you can give now after the alarm is cut the chip is not visible ok why did he put the chip he put the chip in the eye and he does not need it because there is a number 29 he will count the number and he will cut it and he will feel the cut upper part means he will go to the part where we put the chip now how will your chip be traced completely lost that is the same reason i am doing this people think if you put the chip there will be no problem this is the second problem some companies coming from mysore saying that i will put the chip after 80 rupees they will put the chip after 8 years i will come next year and give you free fencing from next year i will give you 55 rupees i will give you free chip after 4 years do not believe all this this is a company no one is coming from mysore that is why i am telling you if you want to do this plantation if you want to do any plant you take your responsibility you do not give responsibility you will get the chip you have to give your money your land your land when all this is yours if you have a major concern security some people are trusting some people are not that is my request this cost is 500 to 800 this is 5 to 8 lakhs per acre again another problem thats also one thing you can change the watch shell and life will be better but as of now to get out of the prototype it takes minimum 1-2 years to give security to the subject you can mesh it to the border or to the ground or to the border or to the ground and the sensors will signal you when you are running and will start the sound please like this video and subscribe to my channel and please subscribe to my channel and please subscribe to my channel and please subscribe to my channel
SandalWoodNewsStories_191.mp3:  This is a 9 year old plant, we have harvested almost all the roots This is a rotten plant, but it has roots and it is full of heartwood You can change the roots if you see the complete video Hi, welcome to the Arook Group Today's video is about the root of the plant I will tell you how to grow it This plant is shot in a vertical angle You can see that all the roots are cut down If there is no smell, the roots are left like this There are about 2000 roots here, there is a fence and border There is no fence here, it is open because it is 8 years old There are not many roots, they naturally left it as it is But the last night, when we were shooting this video, we were late What they did was, they cut the roots They left it because it was not smelly They have completely removed the smelly roots I will show you that root But the condition in which you have to do is As soon as they cut it, the beltox will come out You have to remove it because it is a fungal infection The root will live, even if it is cut, it will live Cells will develop, it will not grow if you cut it like this If you leave the root tightly in the beltox, it will not grow Even if you have the saccharin certified, itsisma will not come out And if you see that, the root will definitely grow Amid come out so we are happy to have this plant it will contribute to nature in carbon sequestration it will be useful for people it will be useful for marketing it will protect 80-90% as i said earlier they are mixed with maavins and other crops but mango is not a good host i will say that too teak is not a good host if you don't know about host it will take 9 years to plant they have not done research they don't have access to internet they are government employees they don't have time to do research we can't do anything because we are aged we are in our 80s you can see the plant so first plan what i am doing in 8-10 years i am not utilizing it properly if i don't do it what i am doing i am not doing it properly if you want to know the cost i have cut it to 7000 for 800-900 for those who want to know the cost because the owner is not there he has paid the full bills so if you are watching this video or if you want to do it properly please understand about fence and planting take care about the host if the host is not proper if the growth is not proper it will be cut if there is no growth if there is no growth there is a chance of loss i am telling you that i will show you what will happen if the host is wrong you can see here the 7 years plot it is growing well but there was a pomogranite plot it is growing well but if you see the pomogranite it has gone the pomogranite and lemon some species they do not stop the effect they put roots on the sandals and strain nutrients from the roots so to develop any farm first what nutrients are important when nutrients come to the soil how much can the host put on it 300, 200, 100, 500 what so ever plan that if you do not know you can book a sasi or do registration there is a link for registration process if you do it there we will come to your home and give you a design if you design you can do it or you can come to our office bangalore chennai and do consultation if you come to our office we will charge you 500 Rs for consultation we will charge you only we will give you a plan as i said if you have any doubts about this plot if you have any conditions contact us link is in description box thank you
SandalWoodNewsStories_229.mp3:  Music Welcome to Kavash story, I am Vijayalakshmi Sibaruru When the forest was in danger, we all stood up We were happy that all the trees of our land were destroyed But, I will tell you a truth that will make us happy In our Bengaluru's forest, we are making the noise of crores of rupees I will tell you the truth, come One day, a foreign land came That was the land of the one who loves the environment He married a strange lady That is in the forest of Bengaluru, crores of rupees are being stolen You will have to cover that story At first, he thought they were joking. Because, in a concrete forest like Bengaluru, where should we get crores of rupees? But, they are doing it step by step and the land's wealth is getting reduced. Please, you also come here and open our planet's eyes. The cover story that was written for his wife was called as Gnanadegula Gnanabharati. The people who were eagerly waiting for us welcomed us. They were very excited and took us to the campus of Bengaluru University. The forest here is getting more and more rough. The plastic is getting torn. The campus is becoming plastic. The construction of the building is getting more and more rough. The trees and the animals are being destroyed as shown in the video. But, we did not get any crores of rupees from Shri Gandhada. Because of this, our heart started to feel sad. But, our feelings melted as we entered the Gnanabharati Ghandhada temple. Because, we felt the shock here. We were shocked by the scenes here. Here, the trees of Shri Gandhada were being destroyed. Yes, here, crores of rupees have been stolen from Shri Gandhada. From the ground, we could get all the Shri Gandhada's items. Today, even the small ones and big ones. You can get more than 20,000 to 25,000 rupees from this piece. But, these pieces have been destroyed. If you are taking big pieces from this, there is no security here. Shri Gandhada is our country's pride and glory. But, here, the property of the forest is destroyed. The forest is not there. The trees of Dharaguruli are the story of Karala. They are the ones who take care of the forest. They do the work. How many trees are there? You can see it from there. Yes. But, you have been here for a day or two. Now, you are laughing. Oh, God! I have no place to stay here. Look at the entire forest. There are so many trees. Is it? Once upon a time, the VV Avarana of Bengaluru was a big forest. This was a place where the animals and animals of the forest were kept. This was called the Gandhada temple. There were lakhs of Gandhada trees here. In the 80s, there were many Gandhada trees in this village. The professor remembers the days when Shri Gandha was always in Gandhada. I was born in 1983. Since then, I have been saying that there are no Gandhada trees. I can see the number of Gandhada trees in this village. There are many. I have been saying this to give priority to this university. This is a Gandhada forest in Bengaluru. We have protected this as a top priority. That is why, this university has been so well preserved. But, in this Gandhada place, there is a lot of Gandhada trees. Shri Gandhada is a land of black. Every day, at least 2 to 3 trees are sacrificed to the black forest. There are no snakes. The roadside is very narrow. There are many more inside. That is why, we have to hide them. The trees are left there. After a week or two, they are cut into small pieces and taken away. In the bio park of the department of environment science, Shri Gandhada is being taken care of. It is a rumour that he is taking care of Gandhada. It is very easy. We are standing in front of this road. When we are about to take him, he is being taken away by the stone. There are 33 people in the private security of the university. They are not paying attention. No one is asking if the stone is broken. When we see the Gandhada trees that have been cut down in the ground, we can see that the tree is not broken and the tree is not broken. When we see the tree, we can see that the trees are broken and the trees are If it is involved, nothing can be done. Okay, here in Apara Pramanada, Shree Gantha is there. If we calculate that there might have been a huge contribution to the world science, then the answer will be clear. Because, this much Shree Gantha's trees were washed by the stone. There is no contribution from the world science. Now, if we do another plantation in Kelkada, in the valley from the first building to this one, if we do a complete sandalwood plantation in that region, it would be very good. If we cut it, and if we replace the sandalwood trees with the ones from the committee, then we should get a general suggestion. What a bad thing! Look at this! Even though the stone which was placed in his hand is a stone, the world science is in a state of chaos. The planet society is in a state of confusion. The people of Aranya have no knowledge. When so many Shree Gantha's trees were being destroyed, our police were standing still. What was the reason for this? Or, is there any use for them? I will discuss all these doubts after a short break.
SandalWoodNewsStories_223.mp3:  electricity cultivator is killing sunset trees in this어얻儿 strategically gelen completed forest processing as nsaste these trees Marin for situations west quest was a richtig been removed Do not forget to like, comment and subscribe our channel to get informed with related content. The park is now open to the public for the public to see the park and its facilities. The park is now open to the public for the public to see the park and its facilities. The park is now open to the public for the public to see the park and its facilities. Now we are talking to Gopal who is the director of the project that was launched. Gopal, you have been given information that there is a sign on the wall of the park. Why? Why did you say that? No, I didn't say that. No one has explained it clearly. We need to see it. It is an FIR. We didn't say anything about the sign. You said that even though there is so much security, how would it be? If there is no security, then how would it be? Security is that this is an open forest. It is a 65 acres area. So, we need to see it. There is no dead tree here. There is a white sapwood. There is no hardwood. So, we need to see it. We have filed an FIR in the National Park. They are doing it separately. We need to see it. Do you have any doubt about it? No, I don't have any doubt. They are doing it separately. I don't know what is happening. I don't know what is happening. Thank you Gokul for talking to us.
SandalWoodNewsStories_215.mp3:  How did you start the Sandlot Plantation? We started our farm about 30 years ago. We had no idea that it would take a year or a year and we started to do some other things. We started to do some other things and we started to do some other things. We had alreadyических, simple or granular land and umbilical mixtures which was cut with thin tendons. We used teak , honey and mahogany from the emacea for other neighbourhoods. We had also sowing canola andenda . We had peyote seeds of cassava seed that shaft controlled by cassava seems to use for planting as fertilizer. We have brought these today to take care of it from bottom to top. We have may have been planning on using on había seed for some years now. We have 16 trees here. We have about 20,000 Sri Gandhaga trees. It has been 7 years since it was planted. The trees have started to grow. The more we give host to the trees, the better the tree grows. Especially in dry land, like Karnataka, Mysore, Chhamarajinagar, Chikaballapura, Sri Gandhaga has a high percentage of oil content. The belt trees can give a good impression of the area. They can be used for planting vegetables, or for planting seeds. The trees are planted in the rainy season. You have to work hard for 3-4 years to grow them. Because it is raining. After 3 years, the plants will develop well. After that, the rain will stop and you will be able to grow vegetables. For the first 3 years, you have to work hard to get water in the tractor. You will get the results of that. Why don't you need any other type of grapes? You can give the same type of grapes to the family. You can give the same type of grapes to the family. If you have the same type of grape fruit, you don't need to use any other type of他们 You can produce different types of grapes like kiwis, blackberries, daikon If you are bem converged in покуп integiertly , you will not need those hagaars like this one. And mostly the problem of this arising is, What is the main problem that you face? How many years have you been developing oil? It depends on the environment. Some people ask for 10 years, 15 years, 20 years. All the natural conditions that you need, you get them from the 4th year of the oil production. From the 4th year of the oil production, practically, what we see in our fields, there is a gap in the soil for 4 years. But the oil content can be there. It started from the 4th year of the heartwood production. I have not mentioned this in my book, but it is natural, it is done in our fields. So, it can take 15 years to grow. Some people say it takes 10 years, 15 years. There is a difference between 10 years and 15 years. In 10 years, you can get 5 kgs, or you can get 3 kgs of chags. In 15 years, you can get 10 kgs, 12 kgs, or up to 20 kgs. You can see the growth rate, and what you have done to it. The only thing is, the white ants, the Gatluva, they eat a lot of the grass. If you look at it closely, you will not find any other plants that have not been found so far. Is this suitable for red soil only, or for black soil, or clay soil? It can be suitable for all soils. But, I am not talking about the oil content. Red loamy soils, or stone soils, small stones, or stone-stones, if you have red soil, it will grow very well. It will grow in all areas. Growth will be there everywhere. But, oil content is more in these areas. What should be done for security? You should ensure the security of your home. No one else should come and do it. I cannot do it. People say that we can do this, we can do that. But, you should do fencing, and do some other things. If you do it on a small scale, it will be very difficult in the future. Because, it is difficult to do it for the people. If you have 500-1000 fields, it will be difficult to do it for the people. Because, the income will be lost. That is why, if farmers do it on a large scale, 2000-3000 fields, how many fields should be there in an acre? Usually, it is ideal to have 400 fields. If we do it in high density, we have done it. We have planted 600-700 fields. Now, we should plant it in a good method. Even if the land is dry land, if you plant it in 5 acres, what will happen is, from the third year, the soil that was cut, you can use it for crops, it will be profitable. If you sow it for 10 years, the seeds will come, they will come and give you 100-150 rupees per kg. That is why, you will get the harvest. Even if you sow it for 10 years, you will get the harvest. You can plant it there, plant 10-20 trees, or whatever you want, you can grow it, and you can harvest it. What is the rate of the blood? We have a mill in Madurai. It has been 8-6 years. We have planted it for 10 years. We have not left it alone. Every year, we have planted it in the rain. We have replanted it. We have all the stages in our field. We have 4-year plants, 8-year plants, we have planted it like that. Every farmer should do the same. If you do not see it, it will not grow. And, you cannot reach the expectation. So, in this way, you have made a silver row. Yes, we have made a silver row. All the fields support it. There is no such host or such a thing. There may be many hosts. Nimbai, Mosambi, they are all very good hosts. All the Seabays. But, every field, from the soil, is a host. There is no such species. So, you do not need to take the soil? No, we do not need the soil. I have told you, you take the soil, and make a hole, or do open grazing system. Open grazing is not possible for 3-4 years. Because, every hole, when it comes, the soil gets dirty. If it crosses 5-6 feet, it takes minimum 3 years. After those 3 years, you can do open grazing. Ok. Is there any problem with the permission of the forest department? No problem. Forest department will supply the soil for 3 rupees. They will give the amount of soil. You should look for good soil, and take the soil from the seed. Don't go to the nursery and say, this soil is like this. Don't go there. You should take the soil from the natural forest. If there are some problems哦 here now and there, no problem for this to happen. But for early seed Чтоch and you can get a good income from it. Instead of thinking about how much you will get by doing a lot of hives, think about how much you will get by doing all the hives. Don't just think about that for 10 to 20 years. Do what you want and when you do it in parallel, you will get a guarantee for a bank deposit. If you do a 1000 hives, you can get a 500 hives deposit. Even if you do 100 hives for the color, the people, or the white ants, you can get a 500 hives deposit if you save 15 years. You can do whatever you want in your life. If you need saplings, will you contact them? We don't go to the market for saplings. We don't contact them. We don't go to the market for saplings. We don't contact them. You can go to the local nursery. You can go to the local nursery. You can go to the local nursery. You can buy the saplings that are in the government nursery. We have Chintamani, Srinivasapura, Kolar. All the nurseries have passed the forest department's resolution. All the nurseries have to be certified. If you ask the forest department, they will give it to you. Or they will guide you. You can ask the local nursery. You can ask the local nursery. Do you have any plan to prevent the pollution? I don't know how many chips have been successful in preventing the pollution. I have said that you should be the one who takes care of your house. That is the only rule. The government helps, the other helps, the police helps. No one is there at that time. So, you should do fencing. You should take care of yourself. You should not be afraid of dogs. You should not be afraid of anything. That is the only rule.
SandalWoodNewsStories_181.mp3:  We are cutting 50% of the branches basically so that partial sunlight doesn't come and it doesn't become completely wet If it becomes half wet, it will be good for the air and the smell No problem. Now see here we are cutting only 50% It is not completely pruning In zero pruning, it will be completely pruned That means we have not put any side branches Now this head or canopy we have to cut them to keep the height restriction As height does not index too high We have rare Все
SandalWoodNewsStories_211.mp3:  I will cut it you cut it I will cut it You cut it I will cut it It is in the center It is here Shake Shake Shake Sometimes players don't bat look at the eyes bring mobile phone I am Rukaiya K. Chakru this land is under our control we have our own land the people who are taking care of the land have been here for 10 years they have given us this message according to that we have given this land to Savardin next 7 years will be the land 6 years will be the land total of 3000 acres we have 7 survey numbers Savardin is 99 years old the land needs to be cultivated we need to take care of it from the month of Monday we have to take care of it last night we came here we have planted 84 acres we have planted half a acre 24 acres we have planted 1-2 meters we have planted the whole area we have planted the whole area I have lost around 9 lakhs we have lost this is the market bill we have taken this land we have growing our my crops we have choreography also this we have planted trees this is our travelling this is the land this is our suction I am very happy. As a government man, I will do my best to protect my family. I don't need a gun license. I am 61 years old. I have not given a gun license for 60 years. I have not received a license from the government. I don't know what to do. I will give a special case license and get a job. I will take a position in the police department. I will do my best to protect my family. I know that I will do my best. I will protect my family.
SandalWoodNewsStories_239.mp3:  Hello friends, welcome to Raythamahiti channel In today's video, I am going to introduce you to a plant which is one of the most abundant plants in the world You can grow this plant in Karnataka, in the western part of the country and in the western part of the country This plant will give you about 20 crores of money in this plant If you are interested in this plant, you can watch this video from the beginning and learn more about this plant Friends, this is Raythamahiti channel, a channel for farmers If you have not subscribed to this channel, please press the bell button next to it Friends, if you ask me that how can you get 20 crores of money from a plant, I will tell you that you will definitely get it You will definitely get 20 crores of money from this plant But you have to grow this plant for 14 years from the time it is grown After that, it will give you money It will give you 20 crores of money So, let's come to the point I will tell you the details about this plant You can watch this video from the beginning and skip to the end Friends, I have heard that the plant that grows trees and plants is Sri Gandha's plant Friends, you can grow this plant in Karnataka It is only 1 acre It is 14 years old from the time it was grown It grows in a hundred acre It is only 14 year If you change the price, you will get 3-4 cups of H If you take Rs 15000 as a return If you buy 50 kg of wood You will get Rs 75000 for 50 kg If you grow 300 trees in a year You will get Rs 7,321 crores If you want, you can buy this wood for Rs 60,000 You can buy this wood for Rs 60,000 How to grow this wood? First, you have to buy the wood from the farmer The farmer can buy this wood for Rs 5-10 If the farmer is not able to buy this wood The farmer can buy this wood for Rs 20-25 You can buy this wood from the farmer After buying this wood, you have to look at the ground The ground is not very clean So, the ground is not very clean So, you have to clean the ground The ground you clean is very clean If you want to get clean water The ground is very clean If you want to get clean water You have to clean the ground When you put the wood in the garden You have to put the wood in a place that is not wet You can realize this as well In that place, you can understand emerges This is called silver teak The next same wood should nevły Flones of this soil so it is very cheap and you can buy another one after that you can water this plant for 8 days 4 times a month in rainy season you have to water this plant for a very long time in very dry season this plant will not be able to water so you have to water it for a very long time and you have to water it for 5 years after 5 years you can water this plant in any kind of water or fertilizer and you have to water it in the same way after 10 years this plant will be very strong and it will be very dangerous to eat so after 10 years you can water this plant for 5 years and you can use this plant as a chip and make a tomato plant with it you can pull sunlight and used to Может to your garden and you can make click LED forativie is it recommended for people with pool of 63000 kgs like your children I am SPommen внутри the book talking about water 3 times per day in every day days morning 3 times a week and you can also give half of the amount in the competition and you can also give half of the amount in the competition If you have any questions regarding this Sri Ganda base Please comment in the comment box and in my future videos I will give you more information about this Sri Ganda base Thank you
SandalWoodNewsStories_249.mp3:  This is Chitraturka Nagarabalya Jogimatti Aranyadhama. In a area of 10,000 hectares, Shri Ghanda has many trees. But, on such a huge aranyadhama, the trees are in a bad condition. As a result, the forest of Jogimatti and Jogimatti Tappala, which is in the middle of the forest, has been destroyed. The trees have been growing in various places, including Shri Ghanda trees. Since many days, this tree has been in a bad condition. Many people have cut down the trees on one side and cut down the trees on other sides. But, the Aranyalakhya authorities have not stopped this. The Aranyalakhya authorities have not stopped this. The Aranyalakhya authorities have not stopped this. In this forest, there are many sandals and sandalwood. They have been used as a cover for the trees. They have been used as a cover for the trees. They have a right to burn the trees. In such a situation, it is not good for the trees. If we ask Chandra Shekhar Nayak, who is a DFO of this area, the forest department started to build the trees in Jogimatti after two years. The forest department started to build the trees in Jogimatti after two years. There were peoplearoites attached to the forest and started climbing them and the rest fled before jogimotti people who highlight the ми Bengals우 thì � многие placesฮ دי ฯø 1500воcionesury Inaları J απ pea For 500 Paedic Snakes F 1991 mun isolated cosied 하� работу amounts of change Some rumours were spread that the beer was smuggled from Tamilnadu The case is still going on But the petrol is more in our country We have H&C watchers The incidents are less now If we notice anything, we will definitely remove the culprits and remove the fences The forest fire has started in the Chitradurga area of Kottayamadu The forest department officials have to pay attention to this The forest department has to be involved in the protection of the forest The forest department officials have to be involved in the protection of the forest
SandalWoodNewsStories_112.mp3: 
SandalWoodNewsStories_242.mp3:  Welcome back to BreakAad In the past few years, everyone had a desire to do agriculture in a way that everyone could do. But, we have heard that many people are not interested in Shree Ghanda's agriculture. But, how to do it, what to do, where to start, how to learn, all these questions are there. We have with us the person who has achieved all these. He will talk to us about how he achieved this, how difficult it is, or what is the easy way. We welcome him first. Hello, Mr. Vishu Kumar. Hello. Sir, I have told you about this. But, before that, let us see a video. Yes. Vishu Kumar, the famous Shree Ghanda's farmer, was born in Chikmagaluru district, Tarikeri. After that day, he started his business. He started his business by earning a lot of money. Meanwhile, he was interested in agriculture. He was interested in agriculture because he was interested in the business. He was interested in the benefits of agriculture. He decided to do Shree Ghanda's agriculture in Konda Bhoomi. He started Shree Ghanda's agriculture in a small amount. After that, he started his business in Konda Bhoomi. After that, he started his business in Abumadals report. After that, he started his business inатоom and bollam businesses. He started his business in Darug said あり âyerneyt xe ku�� terugö 할âhâ. Back then, he was doing various activities in rural areas in many cities, He did a lot of experiments in such countries too. Amongst the product of his land, Shree Ghanda did agriculture planting in pour estate. and how he has shown his talent. Sir, we watched the video and were very happy. We thought that we should do something like this. But when it comes to achievement, it becomes a big issue. And the situation behind it is also very bad. When did you decide to do this? In 2003-2004, our area was very poor. Nandu and Chikmangalu districts were very poor. In that area, in the 16 acres, a forest was dug up. After the dug up of the forest, we were thinking about what we should do. We were thinking about what to do in the rain. So, when we came to the rain, we saw that the forest was full of trees. So, we decided to dig up the forest and we decided to dig up the Sagwani. Because the 4 acres of the forest dug up in the banyan tree was completely dug up. That is what we did. So, we decided to dig up the forest in the banyan tree in the rain. At that time, we saw that the TEEK was being built. Along with the TEEK, we also had permission to build the Srikanta in 2001-2002. So, we had an advertisement. If you build the Srikanta today, you will get a lakh rupees for 10 years. We had an advertisement and we were searching for the forest. So, I thought of building the Srikanta. In 2005, I was not able to remember that the Srikanta was a net. So, it has been 11 years now. I am very happy that I have built a Srikanta tree for 15 years. I have earned a profit of 180,000 rupees. In how many acres have you built it? I started with 4 acres. Now, I have increased it to 44 acres. So, in the Freedom Map, I have already told you how to build and protect it. I have also told you that. They will be able to develop it after seeing it. It is easy to say that our success secret is not to tell. So, you were saying that you have to build it and protect it. You have to protect it. You have told that the number of stones is more. So, you have to protect it. Have you explained everything in that app? Yes, it is in that app. After developing that app, no one will leave the secret of building it. No one will leave it. But, the farmers have to develop it. And, the Srikanta tree should be developed further. Because, the Srikanta tree is very important in the entire world. So, everyone should use it. And, they should also become a Srimanth. I have told you that secret in this app. So, everyone should use it and develop it. Generally, when we do any work, we should have complete knowledge about it. But, it is not possible to do it in a short time. It is very difficult to do it in a short time. It is very difficult to do it thinking that we should do it without any doubt. And, it is very difficult to become successful. So, when we do any work, we should have complete knowledge. Or, how important is the knowledge gathering? Definitely, when we do any work, we should have a teacher. We should have a teacher in front of us. In that way, no one is there in today's time. Now, there are many people who have grown up to do it as much as they want. Now, there is an app called Freedom. So, from that, we will get complete knowledge about it. So, how to plant the seed, how to make water, how to make coconut oil. How to protect it? How to give it to the plants? All these are the basic knowledge. If we understand all these and do it, we can become successful. So, we should earn a lot of money. Sir, should we take a license for that? There is no license for taking a license. In 2001 or 2002, the government has freezed it. So, anyone can grow it. After growing it, there is a restriction from the government to cut it. So, according to the procedure, we have to ask permission from the government to cut it. They will give permission. So, the last announcement was made in the budget. In 2021, the government is making a law called Shree Gandha. In a few days, it can be introduced in that law. If it is introduced, anyone can cut it. Anyone can do it anywhere. So, from the Shree Gandha that we have, not only we are happy, our country is also happy. Because, the tax that I am presenting now is the tax that no one purchases from us. They get 32% tax. 18% GST, 12% forest development, and 2% IT. In this way, 32% tax. And, if I am doing the Maratha, they will give 22% tax on us. 10% supervision charges and 12% classification charges. 55% goes to the government. So, if I go, and if I get Rs. 1 crore, I will get Rs. 55 lakhs tax. From that, if I go to the forest, it is very difficult. So, from that, we will provide good food for the environment. From the department of forest development, the air will be more. The weather will be more. The birds will get food for their pets. So, from all these, we will not be doing anything to our own property. From now on, we will provide ten times more food for the environment. Because, for the separate animals, , Fasting and working are important toстраggling. We also play with other plants to preserve full pitched area and can get plenty of pay. Since Malayashtra is being cultivated, we don't have to work hard for it. This is a kind of a Sombere Beli. It is a bitra that protects itself. The rest is not a big problem. There is no loss in it. Because in the entire world, there is a lot of demand for Sri Ganesha. In the open market, it is Rs. 35,000 to Rs. 50,000 for 1 kg. So, for those who have a big heart, we have a lot of money. So, there is no loss in it. When I did it, it was Rs. 1,500 per kg. In 2005, it is now Rs. 12,000 per kg. Here, it is in government rate. In the open market, it is Rs. 35,000 to Rs. 50,000. So, if the open market is done, the rate will increase. So, when people grow, they will get the right. There is no problem in it. It will get a good profit. Sir, if I want to see your course, what should I do in the Freedom App? So, you have to download the Freedom App. In that, you have to enter the code VISHU SANDAL in the Freedom App. You have to see it and then enter Sri Ganesha Beli Board. Ok Sir, you have told us a lot of things. You have given us a lot of thoughts. What are the questions? How to protect? You have given us all the details. Thank you Sir. Thank you. Thank you also. In our Freedom App, the students who have taken this course will appear. They too will be very comfortable and will be able to work with the environment. So, thank you also. You can also see the course of VISHU KUMAR in the Freedom App. You can learn a lot. You have two benefits. One, you can learn about it completely. And, their referral code is being played on the screen. If you see it and enter it, you will get Rs. 3000 and scholarship. You can get two benefits. Now, let us take a short break.
SandalWoodNewsStories_278.mp3:  We are here to share our experiences with you about the 4 parts of the country that we are a part of. But today we are introducing you to a different kind of farmer. Yes, they have grown their small land to a new size and have built a new farm. They have inspired many farmers. Our Karnataka is a famous country for its home and land. So we have to be careful. Initially, the farmers of Sri Gandhava did not grow their land. But even then, there is no problem. The government is promoting this development. So, the farming has started in different parts of the country since the last few years. Many farmers have grown their land since then. In Chinnadanadu, Kolarajiliya, Kolaara district, Gopalakrishnan, Sri Gandhava has grown its land in about 12 acres. Along with that, the farmers have grown their own land. Here you can see the village of Arahalli, in Kolarathalu. This is the Gopalakrishnan Vara Tota. Sri Gandhava has grown its land for about 6 years. There are around 2000 trees here. The farmers have been using the water to grow their land. This is Sri Gandhava Paravalumbika. It is the main farm of this area. it is said that it is growing well Vraitha Gopalakrishnan In Arelli village in survey number 59 I have planted 12 acres of Sri Gandha while planting Sri Gandha along with that we need to make a pond because this Gandha is not strong enough to be planted with water or coconut so along with this we have planted Gandha for 2 years we have made it drip and grown it why we have pruned it is because this plant has developed we don't prune it from the bottom we take only 3 feet from the bottom and leave it on top it has been 6 years we have planted it but it has not grown well it grows slowly because Gandha is not good usually department will say that 10-12 years Gandha will start according to me it will take 20 years it has been 6 years I have seen all the farmers to make Gandha we have planted all the plants in Mahunthottakal to make Gandha now only 500 people have planted it we have planted maavu, tomato, avareghada beans, papaya we have planted all the plants and have grown it for 6 years maavu has grown to a good quality now we have to take maavu Shree Gandha is a very strong tree a big fear for the farmers who grow it for 15-20 years today is肥ø 애 but the others wherever they grow they quemt not easy scenes They will arrest us in the DC office, in the government buildings, in the forests. They will threaten us about our progress. But we have done it. We have done it. But we have done it. We have asked the government to give us a subsidy for the pensions. After 8-9 years, we have decided to give them a subsidy. This is a soap factory in Maratha. This is a factory in Bengaluru. They will make an agreement. They will agree to give us the money at that rate. But I am not sure. I have not made any other agreement. Is this soap factory beneficial for the farmers? Because, today, the prices of tomatoes are high. So, the farmers are struggling to earn. Because, today, you will see, the price of the same crop is increasing. Every crop is growing in double. So, they are doing it at a low rate. They are in a situation where they are struggling to earn. For that, today, when we produce this soap We take it out andiva, So, today, we will take out as adapter. When it grows this way, when it! And we recycle the worker almost three times, because�� This is a direct way to get the best results. The farmer has cut the small plants and fed them to the cows and goats. The first farmer does not have permission to harvest in his land. This law is now in place. The farmer can harvest easily without any tension. This is why the gardeners and the forestry sector are also supporting this. Initially, the trees of Sri Gandhada were only seen in the forest. But since 2001, the government has given Sri Gandhada to the Raita as a house. The law has also allowed this tree to grow in the land of Raita. In this country, this tree is growing at an altitude of about 1000 acres. The gardeners and forestry sector have also been supporting Sri Gandhada's farming. The Raita has been supported by the Raita. In the first year, the Raita's hectare is now able to support about 40,000 people. Krishnamurthy, the gardener, has been the one who has been advising the Raita to buy the trees from the forest. We are promoting the National Ayush Mission from the department of articles. The Raita has been legalized. The Raita can now grow its own trees in Sri Gandhada. There are no other opportunities like this. The Raita has been legalized. The forestry sector and the gardeners have been promoting the Raita to the Raita. We are promoting the Raita. The Raita has grown in the last three years. Sri Gandhada has grown about 40 hectares. The Raita has grown into an inter-crop. The Raita has grown into a mawal. It has grown into a seabed. It has grown into a support. We are giving 40,000 per hectare for the first year of Sri Gandhada's growth. We are giving 10,000 per hectare for the seventh year. They are getting 50,000 per hectare in the next seven years. They are getting 50,000 per hectare for the planting material and the nutrients they need. They don't need anything else. Sri Gandhada's seedlings are available in the forest department. In our area, we only get Huli mawal. So, we have to take the Raita from the recognized farms. Or we have to get it from the forest department. Before getting it, if we need help from our department, they have to register it. We have two websites, Fruits and Hasiru. They have to register it formally. We issue a work order to them. After that, they have to get the seedlings from NHP accredited or forest department and plant them in their field. So, the next process is to submit the application to the department. We have to submit the required documents. We have to deposit the RTAs through them. It is very simple. As simple as in other departments or schemes. It is very simple to grow and get benefits from the department. In Kolharajili, the majority of the farmers are growing tomatoes, mawa, potatoes and other vegetables. There are also a lot of other vegetables like Neelagiri. Instead of that, farmers are getting blood sugar, blood sugar, Shree Gandha, and other types of other vegetables. For the last 8-10 years, the interest in Shree Gandha agriculture has been increasing. In the Indian Agricultural Development Initiative, farmers are getting a loan of Rs.100 for 3 years of farming. After the farmers have been given the land, the government has given the money to the government, or to the government-owned companies, to make the farmers grow their crops. The local department has been appointed to the department of social agriculture. We have grown more than 10 lakhs of Shree Gandha vegetables. The farmers have grown them. In the present year, Shree Gandha has a yield of Rs.7000 per kg. The farmers have grown their crops. The forest has a propensity to grow. I want to give a word of caution, even if it is just one area, if several acres are available for salad, it is fathers food for about 5 people. They keep it in a storage and store that kids чув to theirvan. You can see that it is grown into seedlings. By this Cola tree. some people are growing papaya and other horticulture species but since it is a farm, it is better to grow it with other plants now it is a direct soap and detergent for soap production or for handicrafts it is possible to change it directly so we realize its benefits the market is not there physiciansya can again change accoutding the brands according to the standard rate yes chip найти препat Seo taught us these tips might can also be an advantage this chip finder can also � thou 🏻🏻 Let's take care of these chips pick them very well probablypler america's macней even when it gets passed hopefully they can be found stronger Our Aashiyar, Raghuraj, News 8 Kannada, Kolhara Plantation plantations, the government is also protesting against this plantations Why? Because there is no filling, no The plantations supported by the government have seis times their duty Whether it was rain,��니 severe crop loss Plantations as sweet fruit, less dependency on labors And , The problem with it is the oil and seawater In addition coal market was on the rise The land is being re-planted. The state's farmers are also taking this step. In the same way, the Haveri district's Vadagi Taluk, Chikkabasuru village's Arvind Lingadalli is also one of them. For the last 6 years, they have been planting land in 6 acres. About 50 to 300 acres of land has been cultivated here. The water supply system has been improved. The company has been providing nutrition to the farmers. The fields have also grown well. The land we have has been provided with water. We can grow any kind of land. Even if you don't have any land, you can grow it. The land is not good for growing. We can grow it. The company provides us with the land. The land is not good for growing. We can't grow it. We are not able to grow it. We don't have the land. The government has made an agreement with the district. The company supplies us with the land. They also make the decisions and mark the land. There are 30 acres of land. The soil is not good. The land is given a zigzag method. The soil is not good. The land is given a zigzag method. The water supply system is called the drip system. The drip system is a loop system. The soil is surrounded by a 3 feet long dripper. The water supply system is called the drip system. The soil is not good. The soil is not good. The soil is not good. If soil is proper in type of storage ... ... the soil and water supply are buried. So the source of the milk and water should be strange. Despite the problem, the land sacrifices the water. To do this the soil and water supply... The soil and water supply systems will not work. The hallway and the plastic주고... ... will need the basic system. It needs to be care surround the hall. Because of water itself there is no comfort. Arvind Linga Dalai has been working for the company for the last 3 years. He is currently selling 4 tons of land for 6 acres of land every month. He is earning around Rs. 40,000 from his 35 years of experience. Sir, this is our work. We have been doing this for 3 years. We started cutting the land after 7 years. But actually, it is recommended to cut the land after 3 years. But in our field, we started cutting the land after 7 years. We cut the land after 3 years. What we have done is, we have installed a land in Taliavili. If we start cutting the land after 3 years, we can cut the land from 3 to 5 acres of land. But we can cut the land from the land after 3 to 5 acres of land. We have been doing this for a long time. The main cost of this is cut. There is a zero condition. The main cost of this is cut. We are in labour for 10 years. If we get labour from labour, we can cut the land and send it to the factory. Arvind Linga Dalai has gone to Taliavili. He has been working for Taliavili for the last 7 years. He has just started cutting the land from 30 to 40 tons of land. We know the importance of the land. We have to do long term crops. We have to make sure that the crops are not damaged by the increase in the year. This is the only way. I have planted 3 acres of land. After that, I have planted 3 acres of land. Now I have started to give money to the land. I have been giving money for 1-2 tons of land for 3 years. Land farming was a central government project. This was established by the land owners. The company has to pay the price of the land. So, the construction of the land is not done. For the first 6-7 years, the company has not been able to pay the interest rate. The land farming has been going on for 6 years. In the last 6 years, the land owners have been doing good and are doing well. Did you see, scientists? The land that was planted by the land owners is now being used by the farmers. The land that was planted by the land owners is now being used by the farmers. Our aim is to make the land more fertile. With cameraman Vijay Kumar, Sankan Gowda M. Devi Kuppa, News 18, Kannada, Haveri. For more information, visit www.newseight.com. For more information, visit www.newseight.com.
SandalWoodNewsStories_279.mp3:  If there are traps here, if there is a 10 kg of sand here, they will dig it deep and dig it deep. It will be a multiple fracture. Immediately, I have a mobile phone. Immediately, it will be able to locate it. If it has to be cut, they will ask how much it has to be cut. It is totally black. You can see this. This is a good symptom. Like a diamond. It is gold. Diamond. This is not for the morning. It has to be cut. Immediately after submission, they will give us 20%. After that, it will take a month for it to dry. They will pay the remaining amount. For 7 years. For 2 years. How many acres have you planted? 7 acres. How much? 800 acres. 2 acres for 800? Yes. I have planted 9 acres. I have planted 9 acres. 800 acres means 8 crores. Sir, what is this? I don't know anything about this. Sir, I don't know what is this sound. It is there. It is positive. Why are you saying it is negative? I am telling you the negative side. Sir, the bad people don't come here. You will live with them from today. Poor people very bad things happen. Here you are reach peace. which trail is this? This is the -"good", which is the best. If you want to take a picture, it is better to take. Another oportunity is this. here, there is live fencing around, bamboo and all this is 30 acres sir 30 acres, that much is Sri ganda? yes all are Sri ganda, 30 acres Sri ganda? yes all are Sri ganda, all are ganda you can see all here, all are ganda this is a shop all are scissor quadrangles you don't need any medicine here for bones and bones, they have scissor quadrangles which one? this one they are called munguru valli all are medicines all are here, they are used for ganda when you grow it, it is good for the ladies yes, all these are used you have cut so many, you can grow it at your home you can grow it as a partner they have scissor quadrangles they are called munguru valli so, these are quadrangles yes, quadrangles these are called munguru valli and then here also there is no cultivation or anything so, when did you do this? all this every year every year all the women are there every year? yes, every year how many are these? this is 9000 9000? yes, 9000 9000 scissor quadrangles? yes how much is it? that is it is not that much it is more than that it is different it is 90 crores 9 crores what it means is you will know this from experience you will know this question too it is not a price the goal of that crore the most contentment is here that crore you don't need that much for living you don't need that crore for living in some rupees you can live peacefully for our life you don't need any no difficulty for living and then what happens is here is a wonder see here see the birds here they are eating see the kumas here all plates are empty like a count now this is a dream to build a forest in a desert yes a forest should be built in a desert yes it should take the form of forest and there there should be a life diversity and there should be a population here for you we can see the smell all these are the trees These are all bevus. Here you can see around 500 bevus per acre. 30 acres means almost 1000 bevus. Oh, you have left a 1000 bevus. Yes, 500 by 30 acres. You can feel the heat from the air. It is very soft. It is made of organic carbon. It is growing here. This is a bevu. We ask, how much is the weight of a bevu? How much is the weight of a bevu? It is not 1 acre, it is 15,000. 15,000 bevu is not a bevu, it is a bevu. It is a bevu. It is a national bevu. It is a forest tree. It is a branch. Here it is being regenerated naturally. Here. We have seen that plot. The beauty of natural regeneration is that it is mostly a forest. Here. Bev believing this beauty actively. Here the enemies came and larger units of the divines. They have againешьed the beauty the variety of plants and plants all these come here all these are the old ones you have planted these or the trees have grown? all these are the trees we have planted these why did you plant them? we have planted these why did you plant them? I was studying number 5 this is our 9th knowledge I have not disclosed it yet I will do it after 2-3 years this is the way of protection numbering what are the traps? if you plant 10 kgs we will dig 10 feet deep we will dig 10 feet deep you cannot go anywhere you cannot go anywhere no one will come here what are the traps? I will come here after seeing the track no one will come here for protection there is no way to go the farm is there you cannot run here no one can enter here oh no if someone comes here we will be 2 people if 10 kgs of soil is there you will see here there are traps if 10 kgs of soil is there we will dig 10 feet deep it will be multiple fracture you cannot find the location it will blink you will get notification this is completely protected this is not a protection in India you cannot take anything we take everything here it is not a place where you can come and go here it is there is a place we can see multiple fracture yes you can see the trap no no this is the type what is this what happens here here they tell us if we want to cut Sree ganda how much should be the depth some question if we want to cut Sree ganda how much depth can we cut they tell when it comes to this sandalwood there is no linear relationship between size of the plant volume of the plant biomass of the plant there is no linear relationship between size of the plant volume of the plant and biomass of the plant if it is grown this much then it is 60 cm it is not 60 cm there is no linear relationship if it is this much then it is not a good size there is a bark inside thin shape full of hardwood ok how is it? there is no linear relationship the size of the sandalwood should not be less it is a secondary metabolism it is nothing but as we are talking now secondary metabolism is nothing but it is one of the defensive mechanism against rot it is nothing but formation of hardwood and accumulation of oil how much stress is there in the plant? it is very important you can see this this is a good symptom like diamond like gold like diamond how many years is this? it is already 44 years it is 5 years what it means is what it means is how much plant stress is there that is very important so now we are adding water adding coconut it is a vegetative growth but it is not going to stress it is not going to be difficult yes it is not going to be difficult like this it is coming to a certain extent it is going to be in stress it is going to be after formation this is sandalwood you have written one more thing how it is done? yes, it is called protection we can discuss it protection is one of the challenging most challenging what we have taken now is we have taken maximum here now you come we will tell your address number then we have to keep dogs CC camera traps then what is the mark on this this is before 2001-02 before dawn and to cut it there is no possibility in 2001-02 law has been passed Sreekanth is here that is the property of the old man this is a possibility law has given a possibility one minute sir Munash how many cups of water how is your section how will you take water now what will happen final will come as a mark mark where to do now what is the existing law we have to give it to KSDL to the Mysore channel KSDL they are one we need a competitive price we have been in the Bhanduwal for 16 years we have experienced the situation we have been saving by working hard so today the Saviraar rai are growing today the one who grows if he wants competitive price we need options what will happen here now we have to give one to KSDL monopoly yes monopoly number of number of buyers seller alone we will call it monopoly correct buyer is many seller alone that is Ambani for that no alternative choice seller alone whatever rate he gives everyone should take for this monopoly there is no other option to purchase there is no other option only seller monopoly for any country's for any country's health monopoly is the way there is a warning there is no medical test scientific rate is not available it is a warning if he gives anything it is difficult to take for that monopoly when sandal is brought there is an opposite what is happening here number of sellers buyer alone what is there number of buyers seller alone number of sellers buyer alone shoes around our the upstream they can suppose that using i let's make same Now all the farmers are growing and they are coming to their land. Now we have to ask and give. Why? Because the government should not support the farmers. Those who are farmers should support them. So the government is listening to us. Now the ministers and others are in constant contact. We have to make an association with the farmers. But from now on to sell the land we have to sell it to the players. We can sell it to them. This law has not existed yet. But in the next 2-3 years it will change. You can sell it to private people. Now we are doing our work to make our own Moulavardhani. We have the opportunity to purchase sandalwood. Now what we have is I have 100 acres of land and Ramesh Balwati has 5000 acres of land. 5000 acres. In any country if we want 15000 crores of land we don't have to go anywhere. If we come to Ramesh Balwati in the coming days we will get worth 15000 crores of sandalwood. Even if we have that now we don't know what will happen to the farmers or the current situation of the land. Now our soap will start soap, cosmetics, perfumes, agarbathi and other by-products will start. But even if I have 100 acres of land I cannot sell the land that I own to the Moulavardhani. But they will make in India is what they say. In this place they will make Moulavardhani and make a market and also make a job. But today regarding Sri Gandha I don't have the opportunity to make Moulavardhani. I have already registered as Gandha Medicinal and Aromatic Company. But in a few days it will start. I have to purchase oils from someone else and I have to do soap and cosmetics. But we are ready for that. But our request to the government is that for the land we should liberalize it. We should give a little to the people who give medical bills so that their land doesn't change. We have a request to the government. We have discussed it with the government. We have discussed it with the government. In the future, in a few days we can give this opportunity. But now there is an existing law that we have to give to KSDL. To the R&L and to KSDL. How to do it? I mean I am a young man. Do I need permission for the old? You don't need permission for the old. What we have to do is we have to give a loan to KSDL and to R&L. Then what KSDL will do is they will also give the money to R&L that we will purchase with all our documents. They will also give an affidavit. They will do this. But we have to do an MOU in KSDL. Memorandum of Understanding. After that they will come and take these and they will give us a loan. We have to pay the loan to KSDL. They will do all the dressing and they will grade this. They will grade it, dry it and then fix the rate. Oh, this is fixed after the factory is opened? Yes. Then in the coming days we are very optimistic. From now on, the government will not give. We have to give the opportunity to the R&L. How will the payment be? For example, if KSDL takes the loan? After taking the loan, they will give the payment of 10% immediately. Immediately after submission. After the vehicle is opened? Yes. They will give us 20% when it is dry. Then we need a month to dry it. We need a month for that. After a month, we will pay the remaining amount. This is the type. So, 20% is given in advance and 80% is settled. After it is dry, it is settled. So, when it is dry, it is known the quality of the product? Yes. There are many advantages in this. From the market point of view. Even others, immediately after purchasing they will pay the payment. They will pay the payment. But, we are not asking for the private interest. We are asking for the interest. Because, a person who has given a place for a year and given shelter to the animals when he is also in a financial crisis the government should also give him a place to stay. But, will KSDL give the payment? Yes, they will. All the episodes of Kalamadhyam are brought to you by Kalamadhyama YouTube Channel. Subscribe to the channel. Click the bell icon. Do not do anything wrong. You can read all the episodes of Kalamadhyama on www.kalamadhyama.com Visit this website and read the interviews. Thank you for watching Oduva Samskuthi. Thank you.
SandalWoodNewsStories_280.mp3:  Namaskara, I am Sharanayya Swami. We have given Sree Ghanda, Magani, Rakta Chandram to many places in Karnataka. We have also given Sakashtra to those who have the same background. In this one country, Sakashtra people have given Sree Ghanda to the people of this country with satisfaction. We have given Sree Ghanda to the people of this country with satisfaction. We have also given Sree Ghanda to the people of this country with satisfaction. In this one country, Sakashtra people have given Sree Ghanda to the people of this country with satisfaction. It is very pleasant. We have planned to give them all in this situation. But, in this situation, we cannot give them all in this situation. But, when I went there two months ago, I got the happiness of that person. Because of that, he also... I went to Sree Ghanda's house and met him. I have experienced that. I have experienced that. Sree Ghanda has come very easily. People of Bala are very long term. When I went to see him, Sree Ghanda is not just one year old. He is three to four years old. So, I have worked hard. I have worked hard. I have worked hard. I have worked hard. I have worked hard. I have worked hard. I have worked hard. So, I have worked hard to touch the marriage. Sree Ghanda has contacted me at the earlier time with the help of Ghanda. He has reached here and tells me, he will give the Sree Gwaan and to be given faith and salvation. Sree Ghanda exactly showed me the road and also his Dir severance почти based on the state of the former arrangement. How many acres of land is this? 8 acres All are coconut trees? Yes, 2 acres of coconut and 3 acres of sand How did you get the permission to grow this tree? Government gave permission and I got the permission to grow it We got permission from the government to grow this tree and we got permission from the government to grow this tree How long has this tree been here? It is not completed yet It is not completed yet? It is not completed yet It is not completed yet What month is this tree? It is November and December It is not completed yet? It is not completed yet? It is not completed yet? It is not completed yet? How many acres is this tree? 8 acres 8 or 10 acres? 8 or 10 acres 8 or 10 acres Do you feel that your land is good for your farm? Yes, our land is good Our land is good Some of the supportive crops are not there but it is a little weak We do not have to take it with us We do not have to take it with us It is a little weak It is a little weak Do you know that you need support? No, they told me that I need support We have supported all of them Some of them have gone We will not support them again Some of them are good We need support They are very open about it You see, the soil is like this The soil is like this It is like this It is like this The soil is not supportive The soil is like this That is why it is not supportive It is like this That is why it is like this Who is giving water? We are doing irrigation We are doing irrigation with the inline drip We do not need to give more water If we give water on a daily basis, it will be enough If we give water on a daily basis, it will be enough We do not need more water We do not need water during rainy season It is more than 3 months since we gave water It was raining It is not enough So, you have come here because you think it will grow successfully It will grow All the crops will grow Even if there is no water, it will grow What is your experience of one year of irrigation? About the crop What do you say about the crop? There are doubts about the crop What do you say about the crop? There are doubts about the government's permission There are doubts about the government's permission We are also asked about the crop We are also asked about the crop We are also asked about the crop There are jewellery shops and ATMs There are jewellery shops and ATMs Why is it not growing? It is easy to get it if it is dead But it is not growing If we have the security, it will not grow It will grow in the future The government has given permission In the future, I will take care of it I will take care of it I will take care of it You haven't got permission yet I haven't got permission yet Some farmers ask me They ask me to take permission from the police They ask me to take permission from the government No, it is not a problem The government has given permission It is not a problem It is a problem What is your opinion about the farmers who are not getting the permission? What is your opinion about them? Farmers The forest will grow The environment will be good The air will be good The soil will be fresh In this rainy season, we haven't got any rain for the past 4-5 years If it grows for the next 5-6 years The price will be higher The crop will be grown in a way that the farmers will not get the money How do you feel? What do you feel? Its okay If a senior farmer sees what I am doing His journey will increase If the green plan is not missed a decision can be taken karthik will study and read the documents The habit beingosters a reform of the streams This is something that will help the farmers My father will try very hard My father is a good farmer I will study He will teach later What will be theねぇnd of the negotiation So that he will not surprise anyone? Yes etc are there but people did not get count I wish Dragon which everyone pray in Sri gandsham it is a blessing to everyone coming find also we feel we should start because everyone is there there reason of coming not just one plant it has to be big and natural what is your surprise you have planted this plant in one year yes, this plant was planted in my private house then this plant was planted nursery gives free seeds i came to see that plant it has not been improved we have planted many plants then we have planted if we plant only one plant we have seen many plants and then we have planted and then we have planted then we have planted what is your surprise we have to do marghani we have to plant marghani marghani is two types in india and south africa in south africa marghani will grow fast will grow well in summer then it will be available in private then it will be available in private marghani marghani will be available what else what else we have planted this is a water this is a water when it is 5 years old it will grow when it is 5 years old it will grow then it will be profitable this is my hope this is a long term crop what do you think what else some people tell they have come to this range one year ago they got cutting some people tell they have not seen they have not seen we have come to this range for one year they got cutting we have not planted well some plants are not growing some plants are weak now we are recovering all the old plants we are not afraid of anything, it will grow where are you from? we are from garj how much land you have? we have 4 acres have you seen this place before? yes, last year they have planted the plants here we came to see how it is they have opposed it before they said we need the permission of the police and security they have made it clear now the plants have grown well for a year now they are taking care of others now the plants have grown well yes, now they are taking care of others they have done well now we have come to see how it is we have to ask for information we will get the plants here we have to take care of this we will get something from the government we have to do something for the security we have to know how to take care of the plants we have to do something you said you have planted the plants here what is the plant? it is a seed it is a seed it is a plant before the forest market before that the seeds are marketed that is used for diabetes at that time this plant is marketed this is not a plant you have not planted it yet? no, it is a small plant it is not planted for the it is used for other medicines do the bees come here? bees eat they eat in the morning but, they don't really eat the 36 saisons of capacity they eat it at the fair they eat it at theirfiest temperature the bees and their families do they not have a querys why you guys love them? do you have bees? you have not planted any? no, no, you have not planted any I'm thick so many kau 1990 people like you no, they do not eat they do not eat they eat they like those 1919 0000 things they were recently together bees have eaten there must be a problem bee bugs bees honey we have we got strange mushrooms
SandalWoodNewsStories_283.mp3:  you have planted another plant in the garden, it is called Raktachandana is this Raktachandana? yes this is Raktachandana you have seen the flower plant that is the one that is being smuggled how did you get the concept of planting Raktachandana? I was growing Sree gandha at that time I was planting 100 plants here you can see Raktachandana I know about Raktachandana from the beginning China and the Mongolian people are not doing anything Japan, Nepal, Burma, Myanmar in those countries there is more awareness about this here it is this, that that you can see it here that is Raktachandana this is the one that is getting more power and some are getting more medicine there was a demand for this plant I told you about it I said I will plant it and show you how it is done I have planted it here I have planted it here without showing you it has come out wonderfully it has been here for 4 years where did you get it from? you have not seen this plant in this much of importance in the movie Pushpa yes it has come this is Raktachandana if we plant it here see how it is inside it is full of red if we plant it here if we take it and plant it here if we take it and plant it here it will come to blood see yes yes if we plant it here it will become more red yes yes it is getting more red it will become more red if it is here it will become completely red Raktachandana if you take it here how is the maintenance it is like that but this is not a normal plant it is not a normal plant it will take its own food this is a fast growing plant see this in this situation it is 30 feet tall Sri ganda is 12 to 13 feet tall this is about 30 feet tall and there is more to grow but we are not sure about the market why not Raktachandana the government has not given it a free market I know that but we have to give it to the government the government will take it we have to give it to them for how many days this will be complete see the red colour is coming for how many days this will change this will be given for 15 to 16 years we have not planted the plant yet we have to talk about the arrangement from how much to how much this plant should be in the ground this is same this is not a pangala this is a neelagiri plant this is a small one the roots are small not big the stems are small but the roots are very big you can see this is a raktachandana this is big this is all raktachandana if we say Sri ganda it will smell like what is the smell in this nothing this is a medicine this is very costly we use it for beauty products for beauty and for strength for growth how is the maintenance of this plant now a days we have to talk about raktachandana how is the maintenance is it necessary i have told you i will not leave anything to all plants if there is a drip the water will go this is a plant which grows in the rain it does not need water all plants that grow in rain they need water if the water is less how will it be we have ala basri they live in very low water now i have all these plants i have 200 plants i have no water i have 200 plants what is the purpose of 200 plants is it commercial no it is commercial crop how do you grow it it goes to the houses to the material to the bed do you change the soil no we do not have much in bangalore now we have many products you are producing and such it is coming in the morning no we do not have anything nothing i am here properly mango is若 you will and help them to get rid of the bad habits I get a little bit of relief and my mouth is clean I am a very good person I love my relatives I love my relatives Do you have any information about bloodshed? No, I don't have any information You may have heard about it in the morning I will search it on YouTube I will get information about it If a farmer wants to grow his land he will get information about it I have seen many awareness videos about how to become a YouTuber I will watch them on YouTube and I will get information about it What is there in YouTube to get information about it? If you get information about it you can be a good person You can be an expert in YouTube You can be a doctor You can be a Google doctor If you study about it and get a good content Everyone can watch YouTube Everyone has a mobile If you want to make a video about it you can watch it It will be helpful for others I have talked about bloodshed This is a 15 year old How much is this kg? I don't know about the market I have not seen it I have seen it in the morning What they said is There is a lot of bloodshed What is the market? This is all given by the government It is not like that It is not like that It is not like that It is not like that I don't know if the government policies It is very good It is very good It is very beautiful It is very beautiful It is very red It is red It is called bloodshed It is not like that They make beauty products They make 200 different things For man How can they make bloodshed cleanliness,aptitude. Because in recognized department there's a respect for the modernity There's a character. The AJK of that department is a hench rom another department is like that. I have once from my government told me to collect hens their To collect hens you have to keep greenery in land. I have planted trees for this purpose. I will think about it later. I have planted so many blood-sourced trees. I hope you too have got knowledge about blood-sourced trees. If you watch the previous video, Prashrutham Reddy has planted Sri Ganda, and C.B.E. These can be grown commercially. They can grow in their own land. We have planted almost 200 different foods. Then, we are also expanding this place to this large 뿌�y land of H YouTubers can be planted. We have also it is an eco-friendly land used as well. Plantingyd The recovery is very important. Everyone has to understand the importance of this program as it helps the country as a whole. Here also I am sure that we are present here clock trig. that the musicality of the rec�il in this jugg8 I want to know about 200 other mysterious places!
SandalWoodNewsStories_282.mp3:  Now what happened is, if someone is sick, he calls the tractor and he is taking a beezha here, he is not taking the beezha yet, he is taking it to the tractor. They are spraying a chemical, he doesn't know what that chemical is, it is a poison. Why did he take a bag? He is saying that he is sick. He is not sick. The medicine sprayed on you yesterday, it has come. The same thing is getting worse and worse every day. Cancer. The The youngster who is going to come to the farm, who is going to do a lot of work, can he come here? No, he can't come here. The moment he comes, he has to earn Rs.2 lakhs per month, he has to earn Rs.3 lakhs or Rs.4 lakhs, he shouldn't come here. Definitely, he has to earn Rs.20 lakhs. He can earn Rs.20 lakhs per month. But he has to appreciate it. He has to monitor the land, he has to understand the land, he has to understand the land, he has to keep the monetary terms aside. He will come later. It takes a long time. It takes a long time. It takes a long time. It takes a long time. It takes a long time. It takes a long time. It takes a long time. But, it can be built economically. But, it can't be built economically. But, it can't be built fast. Now, now, after finishing the education, immediately, you go to the campus interview, you get an offer letter, you get a job, that's not there. That's not there. You have to register for the weekend. No. No. No. No. No. But, what's the secret? 24x7? No. No. You can be fully week or a rajad. You can be an holiday. I'm not here now. What do you think? Who is my work and boss? No. Who is my time? I have to talk to you. I have to work with you. I have to work with you. I have to work with you. I have to work with you. I have to discuss about this. Who am I? I'm not an holiday. I'm not an holiday. No problem. So, you don't have to work on weekends. No. No. Tomorrow, the exam is over. I have my own schedule. No one is a holiday. My work, I'm here for a whole month as a holiday. Why? This is a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, Very happy, Very happy, I am happy, very, very, very happy, I'm very, very, very, very happy. So, see, I am today, Many things will be discussed. About what note that you did. When I was also still watching the movie, the movie was not incredible. But, A jaahan, you are an artistico discoverer, G Gandhi, step by step and then in this I try to start the day with little effort but now I am satisfied I have a system I have seen it myself I have not done any natural regeneration so you have not done 90% of the regeneration yes, in this already 50% more than 50% natural regeneration is happening here I have done the natural regeneration and it is coming well what happens here is once it starts it is like a song of the Deva Chappati if you play it, it will not be there but it will come if I do this and stand with you it is not like I have started the game and I will be able to play this year this is my 20 years of hard work my 20 years of experience this time this is my 20 years of experience this is my whole this is my whole how much ever it is heard how much ever it is heard how much ever it is read how much ever it is read it does not take 20 years to read so this is not like what happened immediately what magic you did here I am doing earth protection earth regeneration when I have touched thisитесь how to develop it how to how it can develop un proactive all this is 200 00.5 maximum hard work means what have I done I am still working I know how to define lay off feel left touch 90% of the work is still to be done. The sea is a huge work. The work of agriculture is to be done. I think agriculture is a very interesting field in all the other fields. Very interesting. In this world, any job, any profession, along with economic life, a healthy life, a good life, a spiritual life, is given only by agriculture. Oh! There are two types of health and spirituality. There is a life of good health, a life of good health, and a life of good health. That is the spiritual life. For me, the future is... I will be going here only. I have many unplanned trips. I will be spending more time with my family during the holidays. Because... It is a possibility. I will be spending more time with my family. I have no plans. I have gone last time. If I go here, I will be going to some of the seaside areas. I will be going to that place. I will be going to the Geller Tote. It is a pending job. If you are afraid, you have not come. You have come till 5 or 4. You have not come. I will be going to the Geller Tote. The Tote of Mallinadi. Their farming methods. Hmm... There is an economic thing. I have come to see everything. There is a big, magnificent temple. It is a wonderful place. I have gone there. I have gone to that temple. My family, my wife and my children have gone there. When I went there... This is a big temple. But, I do not feel that there is anything more special than my family. I feel that. I have told them. We will sit here. It is a big temple. It is a place of philosophy. But, I feel like a priest. I feel like a peaceful person. I feel like I am not going to do anything more than that. That is... This place... It gives me a wonderful happiness. I want to see the experience of what I have experienced. I cannot express this. That kind of feeling... What I felt was the feeling of being a farmer. There is no other feeling. That kind of feeling. Yes... It gives me happiness. What I feel is... In this Bishel Nadna, there is a... You have done so many things. There is a saying. Now, it is possible. There is no need to plant trees here. There is no need to plant here. You can see it. What is there? There is a tree. There is a tree. There is a tree. There is a tree. There is the well there in front. Your name has echoed. There are trees here. And trees are everywhere. Ok. But, where are you going to in the forest? I have floor there. I have solid here. We canvär do whatever you want. Here... What you have covered? Yes, here it is. Now, we have placed it. There is no problem where there is a pumpkin plantation. We can do anything as you want. Those those who gives actual palm Street landlord.... Who gives seul四 street... called is Pratap. One pick a Today Lord drowns... Do not get angry with pratapat's incoming.. Even though there is not such.. you can grow a forest in a 10 feet height it is possible in a half acre you can grow a forest a farming forest you can make a family forest it is possible different different different types of plants and you can make a half-coloured a a structure it is possible this is not possible for the big people because you will see I have not made a big bando I have not spent crores of lakhs and not done palyaos I have not done any israeli tantra nothing there is something you should know do's and don'ts ok if you do this if you do it, what will be lost what will be gained if you do it this is little what our people are doing is they are doing what they can and are cutting the trees they are cutting the trees with a little bit of wood or traditional methods traditional method is ultimate but in our tradition we have already come ahead in our work we have already left the traditional method we have already come ahead our life is like this we don't want to lose our size we don't want to lose our smell we don't want to lose our wealth we don't want to lose our mace this is how we have been our king's cow when it gets it strikes our father and father as a tradition they used to do this they used to collect the seeds yes yes for them the seeds that they didn't need earlier this year they collected all the plants dhweedala, akadi kalai our other jola sajja all our oil seeds all of them pundi seed and if it was to sell next year the next year tomorrow if it sells they used to sell them today after selling today they would call the tractor they would get the seeds here they would go to the tractor they don't have any plans if they don't have any plans they are not taking it seriously they are not happy they are not excited about it already on earth the crops are being harvested as an organic crop the soil is getting worn out now when the soil is getting worn out moisture holding capacity is getting low the earth is getting weak at the same time the earth is getting weak at the same time now now the time to eat biscuits and bread is coming processed foods chips, this is our tradition we have modernized it life is not going as it should it is happening there now the food is being produced the agriculture after 60 years is called the agricultural of the soil it is not the agricultural of the soil it is the agricultural of the soil now the soil if you want to know I will take the time the agriculture of the soil is being sprayed with chemicals he does not know what are those chemicals he does not know why the government is afraid of it or the soil or our system he does not know what insecticide is being sprayed it is contact insecticide systemic insecticide what fungicide is being used it is fungicide contact fungicide systemic fungicide broad spectrum fungicide he does not know all this is being cultivated what happens is here 100 acres one acre 90 acres is the crop but this has already escaped it has gone to another area it has to be cultivated if not from the beginning the farmers it will become more serious because it has already become serious now the agriculture has increased by the sun now the market has not been able to stop now all these we have been asking from Salabha now the agriculture should be not only but also the agriculture should be taken care of but also the fertilizers micro nutrients stimulants insecticides pesticides stimulants what is this all this long term and short term these are the the the that whereas all these we are He sprays Methomel, sprays it now, and in the evening he will harvest it and bring it to the market. Methomel, it is 90 days old. We have said that the maximum residue limit is 90 days. He sprays it and he has not eaten it for 90 days. But the very next day he is bringing it to the market. We, our children and our family are eating it. We are eating it thinking that it is fresh, shining and good. After eating it for 2-3 days, you start to get fear. Why do you get fear? Because it is eaten. The medicine that was sprayed yesterday is not eaten. The same thing is being brought to the market. Cancer. If you take medicine, you will get cancer. This is out. He knows it. He has been doing Methomel for 90 days. Who told him to harvest it? He does not know. He does not know. He will tell you that the moment you spray it, all the creamy ketones will die. He has the medicine. He will tell you that it is strong. He will tell you that it will die immediately and will come to me the next day. He will give you the immediate science. He will tell you that you are spraying it now. He will ask you that how many days you are harvesting it. Who knows? Who has the responsibility? Who knows? Where is the person responsible? He gave the medicine. He gave Methomel. Did it break? It broke. It died inside. Really? There are no seeds. Did it harvest? He gave it to the market. We are all related to his heritage. We are all related to him. We have taken it. It is good. There is nothing inside. It is best. We gave it to him. We brought it home. Our children are sitting. My children are going back. My children are sitting. We gave to him. We brought the seeds. The child was physically healthy. Next is the family! He will read it on the foods. Then we gave them the medicines. And while he was eating, he took the auchis. He drank the extracted rich in that frequently. To the children. To the adults. there is a thorn here come closer if you want to watch all episodes of kalamadyama subscribe to kalamadyama youtube channel click the bell icon and read all the interviews on www.kalamadyama.com thank you
SandalWoodNewsStories_284.mp3:  Dear friends, I am coming to Tavare Thoth from Chandanamanam. In Chandanamanam, Sundar, a famous police officer, how he struggled and how he was taken on the streets, his son, to save those poor people, how he built a fort, I have told you in detail. It was a miracle. There was nothing. There was Bharathu Bengal, 10 km from my farm, in a village called Timmasandra, Bharathu Bengal was built, Hanumantharaya was built, Muthethiraya was built, Chandanavanam, that is what I have written. Sundar is our elder. I have told you, one of his film makers, Kempamma's court case, my classmate, Chandrashekhar, he directed it. He acted in it. He is a man. Come Vishwa. Vishveshwar. You have met our beloved Vishwa. Our Sundar is a son of a single person. He is basically a software engineer. He is so small. Did I say Udda? I have already told you. I have already told you Udda. He is a wonderful man. He acted in the film Kempamma's court case. He directed a short film. He directed a short film. It was a post production in my studio. What did you write? Reckoning. Reck? Reckoning. Reckoning. I have not spoken English well. I have failed in my 8th standard. So, Reckoning. He did a very good job. That film. Now, Sanjay Shantaram, your Swami Ayyappa's son, Ayyappa's father, you might remember him. In the film Kempamma's court case, he was the main character. He played a role of Mannai Kempayegowda in a play that was very wonderful. I went to Chowdhaya Memorial and I danced with him for the first time. I advised him that it is very easy for a dancer to do a recording of the dance. But, you should do a performance in a colourful land. Remember that it is a colourful land. It will be very nice for you. You will get a lot of acting experience. I have advised him that he will learn different dance moves. Now, my other student, my friend, Vivek from Bagalkote, he is also a software engineer. He is directing a film. His film is called Koushmanda Roopa. In that film, one of the hero, second hero or anti-hero, whatever you may call him, he is the one who is the hero. What do you think about the Koushmanda Roopa? You have worked on it for two days. When I saw the Koushmanda Roopa, he told a few stories. He did not tell the complete story. Because, he did not like to leave stories. How old were you when you started to take water from the Chandanavanam pond? I have seen it since then. To protect the Gannadagiragil, you made cement blocks in the ground. You and your father built a fort like this. It was shot by Veeraiah. It was a wonderful thing. How did you come to this? Why did you decide to do farming? You have more interest in the pond. Because, when the children play at that age, they will be like this. Now, after the pond, why did you decide to take water from the pond? How did you decide to do this? The history of the pond is, it is about 10 years or 12 years. You said it is about 14 years. We built a pond. We built a pond. We built a pond and for 12 years, we used to water it. Before that, there were no facilities for water. Yes. My father used to dig a well and put water in it. He used to dig a well in a 6-acre pond. Now, everything is well. We have two motors. So, the water comes in easily. Okay. There is no problem for that. So, the water comes in and everything is well. The water is well. Now, the problem is more of the stones. Yes. So, we came to know that we are putting it in all corners. Yes. In that corner, someone put a layer neatly. A blade. Yes. Then, we came to know how much water can be taken from it. They were seeing that. Yes. So, my father and I thought. So, we said we can put sensors. Yes. But, there was no supply. Sensor supply. Yes. So, we thought we can put it in all corners. Yes. Then, my father and I came up with an idea. Yes. We made blocks for the house. Yes. Because, it is cheaper than Tarshadur. I mean, it is cheaper to make blocks than Tarshadur. So, we made blocks for 50 to 60 houses. Yes. We produced and made blocks for each house. Yes. Now, we have put 150 acres of land in the fort. Yes. So, we made the local lights. Yes. We cemented the house. We made the walls. We made the walls. So, we made a fort. We made it strong. Okay. But, you have built a fort. So, only rainwater goes inside. Yes. So, you are not putting mud inside. No. No. We have to give more space to the water. Yes. So, we have to give one feet. We have to give one feet apart. Yes. There should be space for water to flow. There should be space for water to flow. Yes. So, we have done that. Apart from farming, you, apart from farming, you have done a lot of different farming. You should have moved forward with your film. Or, should your software be continued? Or, should it be continued with the film? What is your goal? What is your aim? What do you think? Now, if we talk about software, we have not done much outsourcing. Yes. We have done a product. Yes. We have done a product. It is called KV Connect. Yes. What that means is, you have taken the studio now. And, you have done a lot. Yes. Yes. So, how much have you done? You are in a big studio. Yes. You have done acting. Yes. You have done dubbing. Yes. You are in the land of colour. Yes. Okay. So, when you were young, you had to discover all this. Yes. What should I do at this age? What should I move forward? Okay. So, I am also at that age. You are at that age. At that age. I am at that age. I am at that age. I am at that age. Let me come to Chitraka, Chitraka. I came at 15 years. That's why. By born, golden spoon, boy like, may be my son, may be you, you have come with a good father. Yes. Okay. You have come with a good father. So, you have not come last time, right? You have not come even after doing the pooja. I have come only once. How do you feel? What is your problem? What I feel is, you said, software engineers, who go to work, they get 9 to 5 jobs. If it is Saturday, they should come. Everything is in a hurry. Okay. If everything is not done by 5 to 6 pm, it will be difficult for them. Yes. So, I have come here from about 20 km. From here, South Bank. 25 km. From the centre, Majestic, 25 km. So, since you have come this far, you have come here on a normal Saturday, Sunday, and you have come here on a Monday, to chill and go. You have done a good job. You have created a good atmosphere. What games have you played? From here to there. Games, I have played this, Eye Candy. Yes. I have not touched it. I have seen this for the first time. Yes. So, I was very happy. You have done everything well. Then, I have come here on a Monday. Okay. So, all the best for your future. Thank you, sir. Our son, Vishweshwara, is a young boy. He is already 2 inches tall. I look very young. I look very old. Right? Look at him. He has a very amazing talent. He has a good talent. He has a good voice. A base voice. He has a good heart for everything. You and I will be friends for a long time. You and your friends. Tell us about your friendship. Definitely. Definitely. So, we will end this episode here. Chandanamalai's Sundararaju, Sundararajara, son, Vishweshwara, our Kashi Vishweshwara. We will make our love a reality. Hmm? Bye. Bye.
SandalWoodNewsStories_287.mp3:  Namaskara, Welcome to Atme Raithar's Sanchit TV News Today we have come to Kottalagi village to get information about the Srigandha villages The situation is as follows There are 1-2 Srigandha villages on the road It is not known when they will leave the village But in the district of Belgaon, one of the villagers left all the traditional crops and went to Srigandha That is in 10 acres Let us introduce the villagers and get all the information about Srigandha Let us introduce the villagers first Where did you get the Srigandha from? From Kottalagi village From Kottalagi village From Kottalagi village From Kottalagi village We used to cultivate it Our ancestors used to cultivate it We have come to cultivate it after them How did you get the idea to cultivate Srigandha? We have come to cultivate Srigandha because it is our relationship Because when we were doing other things We were cultivating it with the help of Draksha We used to work with draksha We were growing sirloom After a short period of time, our Didn't use to patio My tane ro descried byane This is infra srigandha There was also training course Srigandha was at the very beginning and making a master class So, we came to this Shrikhanda because we thought that it would not work if we work for labour rights. How many acres of land have you planted in Shrikhanda? How many acres of land will you grow in one acre? And how many acres of land will you plant in the next year? I will grow Shrikhanda in about 10 acres. My land is 80 acres. I have planted about 10 acres of land in Shrikhanda. I will grow 325 acres of land in one acre. How many acres will you grow in total? I will grow 16 acres and 1 acre. I will grow 300 acres. I will grow 300 acres in total. 300 acres in total. Yes. I have planted this land for the first year. This is the first year of planting. It has been 3 years. 3 years? Yes. If we look at the previous plot, it was planted for 2 years. It was planted for 2 years. We have been growing this land for about a year. If we look at the actual situation, we cannot say anything else. Yes. The land that we have planted is not good. The land that we have planted is not good. In improper manner, some places we do notlerde financial compensation with high interest rates. The application measures take a very long time. We try to get support from the authorities. We are trying do more as it y... Culture is bad and filmmakers should go to work and to improve. We will alone shore the land. Until the day we are going to the bike park... Even on itselt, our guarders have to cover us. We have to first go there and this will pass. In one gram variety of �ch... this is the only one in every country this is the only one this is the one that we grow in Sri Rangapatna this is the only one that we grow but the variety is different there how do you grow here? here we grow in a whole group here we grow in a group we grow in two groups but here in foreign countries we grow in a group but here in foreign countries we grow in a group there is a difference the rate of all the plants the rate of all the plants is above 23% is above 23% because of their deep roots because of their deep roots so in Sri Rangapatna how do you use water, air, soil, how do you use the medicines? we have to take care of the soil and water so that it does not get dirty for example, if we take a small plot of land it will not get dirty even after 20 years if we take a big plot of land it will get dirty so we have to take care of the soil and water we have to take care of the soil how long does it take to get water? it takes about 7 years to get water we have to give water for how long? we have to drip water for 4 days for 4 days we have to drip water we have to take care of the soil how do you take care of the medicines? we have to take care of the soil we have to take care of the plants we have to make a paste we have to make paste we have to make paste we have to make paste we do not need any other medicines what do you do for the plants? where do you water them? what are the needs of the plants? We have done a small study on the market of Shrikant. But we have not studied much about it. We have asked the market for Rs.10,000. We have asked the government for Rs.25,000. We have to give it to them. So, they have formed a union in Karnataka. What will they do with the union? The government will not allow us to do it. We have to give permission to the private sector. We have to stay here for 13 years. We have to earn a good amount of money. We have to earn a good amount of money. So, you will earn for 16 years? Yes, we have to earn for 16 years. We can earn Rs.1 lakh per year. We can earn Rs.1 lakh easily. We can earn Rs.1 lakh per year. We can earn Rs.1 lakh easily. When you bend from 14 years... You have to earn over 10% for 1 year. When you do it for 18 years... You earn Rs.1 lakh before 15 years. много. For 16 years we have earned 1 lakh. But got it already 5 years below 3 years. This is the local currency. But got it already 5 years below 3 years. We had doubted it. Then we decided to pay a lower amount. Then we decided to pay a lower amount. It is because it is not expected for 50 years. So, we keep insisting on earning 1 lakh every year. we are able to do it what are the permits you have taken to make the land of Srikanth we don't need any permit because our farmers are not aware of this when the government farmers were not there, we gave the permit we gave the permit but the farmers are not aware of this we have been here for 8 years since 2005 but our farmers are not aware of this so we are not giving you the permit to make this land we are giving you the permit to make this land why? we gave the permit in 2005 but the people who were there for the land were not aware of this they have taken the permit here in Chitravaru we have built a lot of houses we have sold the land to the farmers we have done everything we could but they have not given the permit they are not aware of this now we are doing this for the land the farmers are not aware of this we are happy with this why are the land not identified by your til resin there by the river Gurutsa here we grow the grass where is the rice? 5 years ago 5 years ago we used to grow it on our own we used to grow it on that here we need a support dander now we have a chogichi here we have a support dander here we need support dander we need 3-4 more years from June we will grow the grass here we grow it nicely here it is not good here you can grow any type of grass but it is not good to grow hard hard grass is not good it is not good for this we have planted a tree to grow grass but it is not good for this we have planted a tree to grow grass how did you grow the chanda for 16 years or did you grow it at the peak of the crop now it is 3 years you can grow any type of grass you can grow any type of grass after 3 years it will not grow if it does not grow it will be very hard it will not have any roots if it grows you can plant it or leave it now 5 acres have grown like this 5 acres have grown here it has become a tree it has become a tree now we have to build a head you can see now we have planted 6 acres this is rock this is not a rock 2 acres this is the to make right and i also inside we come all the way but we have to increase the number of crops we have to increase the number of crops we have to increase the number of crops there are 1-2 small crops in the field they are facing the drought you have grown 10 acres of crops how did you protect yourself from the drought? there is no one to protect me from the drought there is no one to protect me from the drought we get a lot of relief after the drought it has been 3 years since we started this farm we have not grown any crop you have grown a lot you should show the big crops we have grown a lot of crops with only 7-8 acres we have got. but we haven't learnt any from any of that fleets were long in form when we saw great developments the small crops never fruit if you try some other hobby it should be around 10 years otherwise we have to show theallah a smallankalok 350 mhr we have known about us for zon Vamos for zon Vamos it's about 30000, 350, 350, 500 or 40000 we have to pay Rs. 30-40 crores for the production we are not having any problem with the help of a gunman we get a good income from the rain we can get a gunman we can also use it for cleaning we can also use it for the chip we can also use it for the camera the technology of this camera is very advanced the camera can be used for 5-6 km we can also use it for the camera we don't need any other equipment now after the construction of Srikanthaka Gidagal and after the construction of the village how will you arrange the situation? we have to arrange the situation for 10 years we have to water the cow we have to take the product from the cow we have to add the cow dung we have to add the cow dung we don't need the Rasayan cow dung we have to add the Tippi cow dung we have to add the Jagani cow dung we don't need the whole cow dung we have to arrange the situation for 10 years after 10 years you can build it for 14 years you can build it for 20 years you can build it for 30 years you can build it whenever you want you can get the profit from that but we are not making this much of it we will have to build it more we don't need the whole cow dung where did you get the cow dung from? and from which college did you get the cow dung? and how do you arrange the situation? the cow dung is big and small it can be small or big we don't have to build it for 5 years we can use the cow dung for 5 years where did you get the cow dung from? we have to build it from our own house we have to talk to the forest department they have to tell us where we can get the cow dung how many years have you been building it? we have to build it for 10 years they have to tell us how and why they have to build it for 10 years we have to get the cow dung from our own house and then we can build it but we are not building it for the cow dung we have to build it for the cow dung I see that all this can't be made only if it is already built we are making itSE nowhere & this way The first year's expenses are the drip, the support and the irrigation. All these are the first year's expenses of Rs.50 per acre. The first two years, we don't have that much. Every year we spend Rs.20 per acre. We spend Rs.20 per acre for the first 10 years. So, we spend Rs.50 per acre for the first 10 years. You said that you buy 320 acres of land per acre. How much do you earn from that? We spend Rs.1 lakh per acre for the first 10 years. We have 10 kilos of land per acre. We earn 1 kg per acre. We earn Rs.70 per acre. We used to earn Rs.20-25 per acre. We used to earn Rs.20-25 per acre. If we don't get the land privately, we will have to pay double. But now, we are able to earn Rs.40 per acre. We can earn Rs.40 per acre. What about the expenses? We have to reduce the expenses. If we earn Rs.40 per acre, we can earn Rs.20-25 per acre. We can't earn more than that. We have to earn Rs.30 million. We can earn Rs.30 million for 16 years. We can earn Rs.30 million for 1 acre. If we divide Rs.30 million for 16 acres, we can earn Rs.20 lakh per year. If we divide, we can earn Rs.20 lakh per year. We can't earn anything. We are not able to do any other things. If we continue this we will buy coconut Mineral. Will you return this how and how? Of course. We pay our workers Rs.20 lakh per acre every year. We pay it secretly. This is because they have to pay for advanced construction works. Stephanie'sdisיבigger Now to pay for the construction work which is facing its cost. Cambries need to be clapping till the morning. Now, for every work coming to the Before days itself, and the people who are coming to this land we are here to tell them what is the goal of this project you are a 10 acre land how much do you take from the land and what is your message to our farmers we are here to tell our farmers that we are not here for Karnataka, Maharashtra or any other reason now we are doing something else now our farmers are saying that we should have a land we are here for more than a year we are 16 years old for 16 years every year from 1 acre 3 people from our village they are saying how much is our land they are saying but we are doing it for our profit our land, our farm we are doing it for our profit if we do this it will be better we are doing this for 30-35 acres we had a belief that it will be built in 16 years now see this is a small village we could not build a house here for 10 lakhs per year we could not build a house for 10 acres now we are in the 15th year we have taken 30 crores of land every year we have sold 2 crores when we took 10 lakhs we were selling 2 crores per year we had a belief that we will build a house in 16 years now we have 40 acres of land we could not build a house now we have to build a house now we have to build a house now we have to build a house I would like to say something to all the farmers Mr. Shidraya Elladigi sir has taken 3 crores of land in 16 years he has made 10 acres of land for farming he has made all the agricultural crops for farming He has done everything for its profit So for 16 years affordable agricultural crops thisành Urdu He has invested 35 crores of Rs Maad solutions I would like to know Did the government provide any response to this the crop Farmers like those who can't get land give someLet's say crores on then and 2 crores on those who don't get Yeah 2 crores one sashi is given for Rs.30 per sashi for Sri Gandhaka and for Sri Thapulu it is for Rs.35 per sashi for 3 years Rs.110 per sashi for 3 years Rs.110 per sashi we get it for free we get it for free we get it for free so it is for free yes we get it for free if we get it for free we get it for free for 3 rupees per sashi we get it for free if we get it for free it is for Rs.140 per sashi if we get it for free we get it for free Karnataka Maharashtra thank you for all the people in Karnataka Maharashtra for giving us this good information thank you thank you madam today Sanjith T.V. and Mademadu whatever we tell to the farmers, they don't understand they don't understand what we are saying we are the farmers and we are the farmers this is the feeling we all have Mademadu has given us a lot we don't talk about the farmers Mademadu and Sanjith T.V. have given us a lot they have given us a lot of support we are grateful to them when they give us a lot of support we are very thankful we are very thankful we are very thankful we are very thankful we are very thankful we are very thankful we are very thankful we are very thankful
SandalWoodNewsStories_286.mp3:  Welcome to Chitradurga Rainwater Board Greetings to all viewers, I am Dr.Devaraj Reddy, Head of Chitradurga Rainwater Board Please like, share and subscribe to our YouTube channel Today's topic is very different Chitradurga is a place where the rain falls on the side In Chitradurga, a small village called Putta, is a place where the rain falls Our guests from this village are from Timapa and Raju, a village in the Kuruperilli district They are very good people They have built a small house in Putta The house is made of wood and has a very good structure After the construction of this house, the people from the village have gone to the other side They have built lakhs of houses around the village They have built their village in the name of Sri Gantadha They have built their village in the name of Sri Gantadha They have built their village in the name of Sri Gantadha Those Arbattas, Anuayas preparation for work I will show thekesca Hideous grants Let us go up to see the garden This is the Kazhpa сказал My name is Veerajubin Venkatappa from Kurogali, Ikanur post, Chitruga district, Irgirup taluk We have built Sri Gandhaya Swachh and Abhya Swachh in our land through Jagadguru's inspiration What is our use here? As on the accordingcar Mediumish wateredian she wholehy pressurized the solution to collect自己 water into flooring this is called aios, its a universal yani Because of those estourof Ruvali mats, river djik and aqua with et усud and dabei with feera aこうty in gari ki mavi for collections further, put in a lock box, aoyntu vires and mayabada iniki metika paimisimgr 살짝 traa twii al스트 ucy afterwalk, put in a lock box, using another medium here named descizer for drought де Thatพur meral baudd lol The environment Due to this motion, I request everyone toblen and replace roof floor of w May I know your details? I am Raju Sannape Venkatappa from Kurupurali, Ikanur, Chitraka district, Kannadaka. What is your mobile number? 990 0033 1755 Hello, I am Venkatappa from Kurupurali, I am living in our farm. We have grown rice in our farm. We have grown rice because of the sound of birds. We have grown rice in 2000 sacks. We have grown rice in 2000 sacks. We have grown rice in 2000 sacks. We have grown rice in 2000 sacks. We have grown rice in 2000 sacks. I am impressed by the videos on youtube and social media. We were poor when we were trying to patch rice in our village. Some people have sold rice and we have grown rice. We have supplied rice to society. There was Vicdar's It was good we did this we also ran wild development We did these things have to prevent this Many people are complaining about the lack of water. But we are the people who are doing this work. We have planted 5 acres of land and 1 acre of land. We are getting more and more water. We are getting more and more water. We are getting more and more water. We have also got the land of our own. I know that we are doing this work for our own good. We are planting 20% of the land. We are getting water from the ground. We are getting water from the ground. We are getting water from the ground. We are getting water from the ground. in the region our land and our lands I brake, I bring the water there. I will have precious water. if an unarmed child stepped in front of me, then proper cleanliness of the runoff, because of the structure made so by the people, this is how daily we are. Looking ahead, a lot of hard work is being put in that direction. Now concept by positive thinking, Please support us by giving us 10% of the money we need. We are supporting the people of Aranya in June and July. We are supporting the people of Sanga, Seva and Swamishri. Please ask us for help. We will give you the support you need. Please do this for our village. We have done this for the people of Madaswathi and Tipata. Please give us 1 lakh rupees for this. Please give us 1 lakh rupees for every village. We cannot do it. We have been doing this for the last 3 years. We have been doing this for the last 3 years. Please do this for us. We have come here. Our friend, Mr. Jayaprabhu Devaraj Reddy has come here. He has come here to help us. He has trained us. We have to support him a lot. We will provide him with the necessary supplies. Please give us the contact. We will support him. Please help all the youths. If they are not able to do commercial crops, if they are not able to do it, then we will not be able to help them. We have done 10% of the farming. No one can help them. We have not done any agricultural work. We have not done any criminal work. We have not done any chemical work. We have done everything. Please help us. We have done this in 2012. We have done this in 2012. We have done this in 2012. Please contact us. Mr. Jayaprabhu Devaraj Reddy has come here. He has come here to contact us. We are helping him. He has come here to give us the training. Please contact us. We will give the contact details to you. Please tell us what fertilizers you need. They will give you everything. Please give us the last amount. I am surprised on you. You do nothing but what you want. You do nothing but what you want. We don't grow rice. They grow matthewarthi. They feed us. Live salt curries and maintain Mihiri We are very much aware of Chiturga district, you can find us on social media and in all the social media platforms. Jagat Prasad is there, he will contact us and we will do our work. Please contact him and he will contact us. We will give the land to the farmers and we will give the land to the farmers. All farmers, all youths, please contact us. In the month of July, we will give the land to the farmers. If you want to give half an acre of land to the farmers, you can do that. If you want to give half an acre of land to the farmers, you can do that. I will not do anything, I will protect you. You will take care of the land, we will also protect the land. Please do not do anything, we will do everything. Our village is Chiturga district, 20th district, Iknur, Kuruballi. If anyone has any questions, please come to our village and ask. Your name? My name is Kuruballi sir, I am from 20th district. Your name? I am Timapa, Timapa Bin Venkata. I am working in BMTC. I have question. I have a question. If here also adae. Where? Seeing that you is there, my path of life is it safe? If, go to 70th as it is very difficult to come here. If, Cor Softo is less breaker, then take meal, eat? There are ways to travel that they live here. Then, please go. Please extend the time of my visit豪.отриed 28 ki, reekí, maite Word can also be understood here. I see. Okay, this section Tianab5, we will ask forms. Hoje° topic. OK. We have to build half an acre of land, what will we do? We will build LIC, CTI, we will not build our land. We will not leave our land. We will build 10% of our land, we will build it till June. We will build an insurance, we will build a premium cut, we will build a premium cut for the next year, we will protect the land for a long time. We wish for everyone's happiness, we want to build this and bring it home. You said that you are doing a work to make 25,000 acres of land. Are you doing any sort of organization? We are doing some sort of organization. How many people are participating in your campaign? We are doing a campaign to get the land back to our people. We are already doing it on the roadside. Is it an organization? Yes, yes. In a state, in a district called Chitradurga. Yes, yes. Chitradurga is now a big area. The district itself is a big area. But when the district becomes a big area, it will become a big area. May all the people of Chitradurga, all the people of Chitradurga, who have been working for a long time, will not be able to build a mallar in the next two years. Mallar is already there, Jogimatti is already there, everything is there, it will not be possible. We will not be able to build that Jogimatti to make the Chitradurga. We will not be able to build that Jogimatti. We will have to build it in a single bed. It will become a big area. You said one thing. In our village, people have planted trees of Srikanth. But more than that, we have planted birds of the animal. Yes, yes. You said that. If you plant birds of the animal, you will hear the sound of birds. You will hear the sound of birds. But if you go to the next village, you will not hear any sound. You will not hear anything. You will hear the sound of birds. Where do you spread the birds, the seeds, and the hives? We have spread them in 8 areas. If you want, you can come. There is a river next to us. If you want, you can come. If you want, you can come. You can see as much as you want in Srikanth. It is natural. It is natural. No human has ever been there. No human has ever been there. They have planted 100 trees. But the nature is not there. If birds and birds do not grow, they will not be able to grow. If they do not grow, they will not be able to survive. They will not grow. How many houses are there around your hill? It is uncountable. It is uncountable. Unlimited. You can see how many houses there are. Srikanth has the land that is next to us. Srikanth has the land. Srikanth has the land. Our village is already Srikanth, Gandhaland, Karnataka. Our village is already the village of Gandhaland. You can say that Eklavur is Gandhaland. Yes. Kurubreli. Kurubreli. Eklavur is not in Eklavur. Eklavur is in Eklavur. It is in Eklavur. It is in Eklavur. It is not in Eklavur. But it is in the village of Paksitimdu. It is in Paksitimdu. It is in Paksitimdu. It is in Paksitimdu. We have a farm here. In Paksitimdu. In Paksitimdu. These are the places where birds graze and graze. Because of the seed coming from the side of the bird, we have this. This is the Dhalimbe. Dhalimbe. It is around the Dhalimbe farm. We can see that. We can see that very well. You have not planted all these. The birds are growing. Because of the seed coming from the side of the bird, the seed is growing. It grows. See how tall it is. Show me the place. Which place? Actually, you have planted Dhalimbe places. Dhalimbe. This is the place. We have planted the highest level of Dhalimbe places. The birds that have grown from the seed have grown. This is how we get to see the cleanliness of the land from the side of the bird. See, we have come to this place. You can see the Kallanarai. From there, you can see the Uttarikshara. You can see the Uttarikshara. You can see the Uttarikshara. You can see the Uttarikshara. From the seed you can see the Kallanarai. You can see the Kallanarai. The Kallanarai is located in the place near the Uttarikshara. It is not at the place of the bird. It is at the place of the bird that the Kallanarai is located. Ok, so we have planted Dhalimbe. Let's go and see the Dhalimbe from here. The bird that is there you can come and see it for yourself and grow it in your own land or in your own land but in your own land that is what we think our main inspiration is our district's Devaraj Reddy he came and in the days of our independence he made this place a place where people could grow their own crops he came to this place and he was very happy to see these plants he gave the inspiration to grow this in the places where people could grow their own crops he came to know about this our main inspiration is Devaraj Reddy came and he said that our district needs you our district needs to be greener he came and asked you he said he was with you he was a very kind person he came and asked you where you came from what would you like to suggest we are always ready if you want to know more about Devaraj Reddy you can contact him But we just wounded you and you escaped. So tonight at night at your place, We would like to thank you very much for whether you died or not also World War II Chitradurga village is located in Tumkur district and Chitradurga is located in Chitradurga district. I was surprised to come to Kurubareli village, which is located in Chitradurga district. I was surprised because the birds here are of different colours. I was surprised to see this. When I stood in the way, I saw two people standing next to me. Raju and Timappa. When I met Timappa, he knew me very well. He knew me very well about the work of Devaraj Reddy Chitradurga and water conservation. He is from Kaveri. He has done a work called Rukhsha Datru, which has brought 25,000 birds to our district. He has not only brought these birds here, but also provided them with shelter. They are getting sheltered here. They are getting sheltered here. When I heard the sound of birds singing in the rain, I felt like I was in a forest. The reason was that 25,000 birds were not here. The birds spread the birds in lakhs of villages in the nearby villages. In Kurubareli, a small country named Kurubereli was established. After that, they turned it into a forest. Travelers who came to viticulture visited this field andую So, during climate change, river parallel personages were introduced here. Inundation we did through this year. I took care of this too. And even doing it is very important between! In Chitradurga district, we have been working for 8 years to get the government's permission to build the Chitradurga district. I am very surprised how in this pandemic situation that the government has been wowed by music. Everybody is so oriented towards the development of district. Even people who do not know how to build streets, as kind people they give 그러니까 for these du發 Ka Chitradurga district to Ş Desdegyان It was unique but fate brought and full of such people here. Let me definitely quote him. I feel open minded, came for told my personal taste contacted local people and working for good importance Thank you for watching this video. Please Like, Share and Subscribe our Youtube Channel.
SandalWoodNewsStories_257.mp3:  Hello everyone welcome to minute story In this video we will see why red sandalwood is so costly and why the belts are illegal in India Red sandalwood is high quality and is available in Karnur, Kadapa and Chittooravanna forests These red sandalwoods are used by China, Japan and Myanmar countries In our country, the red sandalwoods are used for the items of the red sandalwoods In every house in that country, a good ritual is followed by the items of the red sandalwoods In countries, the red sandalwoods are sold at a very high price for the demand The high quality red sandalwoods found in the world are the most expensive in our country The smugglers in our country have killed the red sandalwoods In one day The price of the red sandalwoods is 2 to 3 crores If you are a red sandalwood smuggler, you can buy the belts from your house with the permission of the forest department
SandalWoodNewsStories_291.mp3:  A robbery took place in the Kugalate district of Bangalore. A man who was threatening to rob a police station has stolen a piece of land from the embassy apartment. The incident took place on the 29th of this month. This has been revealed recently. The police are investigating the case in the court. The police have not yet been able to find the culprit. The police are still investigating the case. The police are still investigating the case. The police are still investigating the case.
SandalWoodNewsStories_296.mp3:  Welcome to Kisanvarthi In some cases, we have to worry about our health. Whether we are coming to our place or not, whether we are getting old or not. We are getting old very fast. All these are the four points we have to consider. In this one thing, our blood pressure is not reduced. Dr. Mukundra has explained these points to the famous doctors of Surupuram. And it is very wonderful that the blood flow has come very smoothly for the last two years. That is, in the area of Vishulapakadur and in the special places of Surupuram, the blood flow has come very smoothly. Dr. Mukundra has explained these points to us. And it is possible to get the results of his research through Kisanvarthi. Sir, Greetings. Greetings. Sir, please introduce yourself. I am Dr. Mukundra. I am a surgeon. I am a practicing pediatrician. I am from Surupuram. I am from Pitraju. I am from Kanali. I am from Adprazant. Sir, you have given blood pressure to the blood vessels of the six blood vessels. Yes, I am from Srigandha. Sir, how much is this? This is 500 plus 500. 500 plus 500. Sir, how much is this? This is 10 by 10. 10 by 10. So, the blood pressure is 5 feet, line to line 10 feet. 10 feet. Sir. This is a little less space. Yes. Because of that, the space is a little less. But, ideally, it is suggested that it is 10 by 10. Yes, 10 by 10. It is a long term. It is very difficult to see. How long is this? This is for 7 years. For 7 years. Yes. This is a little, the line is small. But, inside, this is not of the same size. But, this is a fertilizer and the watering is done regularly. It is not growing well. It is not growing well yet. Sometimes, there is a little stress. Development is less. Sir, what is this Srigandha? This is one by one. One by one. One by one. One by one. Two by one. You have made a host plant for this. Yes. We have planted some of the host plants there. There is one. Okay. It is very good. It is very good. It is a little tall. It is very good. It is very good. It is very good. It is very good. It is very good. You have planted a lot of things in that. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes, sir. This is also good. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Sir, what has been planned for you so far? This is not a plan. It is a little long term plan. The farm is here. The plant is here. Every year, it has been 7 years. Every year, it will earn a little amount. It is not a big deal. This is also a long term plan. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. we have to manage the expenses of the land we have planted 500 plants in the long term the present market rates are very low we will see what happens in the next 10 years we are trying but not able to do it this is Sree ganda, 500 geda Sree ganda is 500 geda, it is very low it is a secondary, it is a competition but we will give another 50 geda and we hope to get half of the existing land will it be used for long term? we are planning for the budget we are not spending much for the budget it is not a big deal it is your profession it is your profession we are getting the land but we are not using this crop this is a crop that is 10 years old after 10 years we will replanting it at the same time it will grow it will grow for 10 years it will grow for 10 years it will grow for 10 years it will grow for 10 years but we have noорот then if a person manages the sex他就會成為一個 configured job Yes, it is about adjusting the個性 I think that will be sometime beneficial for these changes Yes, I think these are getting better And I believe it will increase their support from the long term I feel like this There is celui who loves sex And he thinks the sex lifestyle is very good What all types of plants you are working on , just mentioned people whoнения get higher reviews but all those crops I grow them as cool as possible so whole crop should be safe yes,atoots are very good They have a good time rotation in its past , in June Al profit high yield in October . It will be officiated from 10-15 Ahal 보 погoda How wide is your Sy equipmentsía took from here? It is approximately 30 square drift With some trees Well, Their sowing is not good Everything is managed well Is like this savorn toävad All they guide to we often do MULTICROP we can grow it in multi cropping and in long term if this is not possible then atleast coconut present market concept is that artificial drinks are preferred over natural drinks in fact in summer we don't get tender coconut we don't get coconut water we should make it special we have planted it in a big pot we have brought a hybrid seedling we have planted it for 3-4 years we will tell you the result after the yield we can use it for other fruits like orange, other seasonal fruits we have coconut presently in large scale we have grown it in a big pot when you grow it in a big pot how does it affect the activity of the children how does it affect the activity of the children it is not only physical my opinion is that it is the first time education they don't know what is the purpose of it if they don't know what is the purpose of it then they will be in agriculture last option last option is it good to see it from the beginning yes, if they divert it then it will be difficult if it is big it will not grow it is safe if it is not 10 lakhs then it is difficult if it is not 10 lakhs then it is difficult if they see it from the beginning they will be scared thank you Akshar thank youace Clapping
SandalWoodNewsStories_298.mp3:  Music anything made of the making the bed is the modesty of the past we make hard and keeping it this on here is where we were check the mikä without knowing 100 엄ones are grown our plants топnates battered ilalim when we harvest it then ml wash goes to facultar in next year if we didn´t catch but Download shriming we no made more than 25-30 madness we took care this year if we give it to the farmers, it will cost Rs.1 crore it costs Rs.2,000 per litre it costs Rs.25 crore if we cover it with mud it will be visible to the children it will be visible to the whole family it will be visible to everyone Hello friends, I am DMS I am here at a farm in Malvali, Mandaji where we have a tree called Shree Gandha Munir Reddy is with me he is a good talker he knows everything about the tree come friends how are you? why did you choose Shree Gandha? because whatever we plant, it will cost the farmer it will cost the farmer anything if we work hard for a day or five years we can grow crores of trees we can see we have to work hard to get it if we say that we will get good plants from Anur we will get it from there if we grow this, we can see it for a day because it is the farmer's wish if we don't do anything, we will not get it if we sow ragi or bata if we sow a lot of plants it will be a waste you have brought the trees or you planted them? I have brought one friend how do you know about Shree Gandha? I know it, it will come twice it will come twice you are growing three types of trees? yes one is Rakta Chandana, another is Shree Gandha which one is more expensive? Rakta Chandana is more expensive why did you choose this? because it is Rakta Chandana because it is Shree Gandha and Rakta Chandana you have given 100-200 rupees to the farmers who should we give the land to? nothing, it should be there it should have support from others so it should be there? yes, it should be there what kind of support? if there is support for this tree we will not ask anything we will do everything if it is there, it is good but if there is something else, it is good it should have support otherwise it will not come correctly it will be there for a long time how many feet of space did you give for one tree? 10 feet to 10 feet 10 feet to 10 feet to the tree one or two feet of land one or two feet of land like this, we will mix mud and coconut and we will plant the plants it should be there we will not take the cover from there if there is a tree, it will not come well for Shree Gandha, there should be a tree if there is a tree, it will not come we have to plant it we have to plant it if we have to take it, we will plant it if we have to plant it, it will be there it should have support from others it should not be there if it is not there, it will not come if we run, it will be scary if we run, it will not come it will not come if you take one fruit at a time at that time, which type of coconut will you use? or any other we will use coconut from the government we will take from there filter coconut we will mix the ingredients like that at that time you have noted the depth of one feet you have made a hole in the ground for each hole you have made a hole no no we have made 2 bundles one bundle is cammon and one bundle is gopura you have given a gap of half a hole you have given a gap of 1 hole after that when will you give the water when the rain starts if it does not rain we will do it with the rain water you have made a drip stand yes you will give the water in that this gopura should not become too much if it becomes too much the plants will die we have to turn on the motor when it does not rain we will give it with the rain water how many times you give water we will give it daily basically how many times you give this gopura for the first few years how much you give we will give it once in a year once in a half and then we will give it to the plant now the plant will grow what all we have to do to make it grow well we have to mix the indi and other things and see when the plant does not grow well we have to give it gopura and see the water how many times you have given 750 plants for 2 acres 750 plants how many acres 2 acres for 2 acres have you given everything or have you left a gap everything all the plants you gave have you filled it we have added water and given some plants we have leveled everything if there is water it will not be a problem if it rains it will not be a problem how many years it will be in full bloom above 15 years if you give it now if we look at it for 15 years it will be worth crores of rupees if you look at this plant it will be like this in which ever flower it will be a star see this tomato it has grown in full bloom the problem is it will not grow well for that it is growing 100 kg there is no harvest when there is no harvest then it will be in demand then what is the use it is not a big problem if not we can grow kadala 120-13 kadala we can grow it if we get a loss we can not grow it then ever your crop changes then you can supply it to poor and in that way you could be LIVE but under that circumstance the crop will not be expectant because using courage a crop like this may be ripe but it doesn't Kerry shall we eat discussed kadala this is not an mane it is an off road you are tightening things I am doing it now I am doing it so that no one gets stuck inside Today is Saturday No one is here today Tomorrow the oil will start We will see that time and we will make the company ready If you want to take this out of Srikanta should I get permission from the government? No, no, no If you want to cut it, you will have to pay tax Because if we cut it out of Srikanta it will be a case If you are working here should I get permission from the government? You can get permission to cut it We are working here and we are cutting it out Should I get permission? Yes, we have to pay tax We will not get stuck You can pay tax to them too Yes, yes We can pay tax If we get a loan from the government we can pay it easily If everyone does it, we should be brave We should have the power to do it We have to cut it out We have to cut it out If the tomato is available it will be ready in 2-3 months We should have this one day and keep it We should have another place and cut it out and then we can see the future Otherwise, we cannot cut it out It will be a waste Which is your village? Koodlu Koodlu, Osoravada Salt This one in the next village In therya But nobody has gone all the way He has liked the village because of the old times if we get any chance we can do it we can do it without any money we can never say that we are doing good you have not made a flat here you have made a coconut tree here it will be good if you make a small one it will be good how high you have made the coconut it is about 25 to 30 feet in between that gap you can make a coconut tree we need all the support if we have all the support we can do it how much support we have yes we have to make it more we have to make it more we have to make it more we have to make it more we have to take care of the people who are in need we have to take care of the people who are in need we have to make sure the children are well now the smell of this has not come for 10 years now the smell of this has not come for 10 years if it is well made it will start after 10 years that is why we have to make it by the security we can do it we can do it after 5 years it will grow now you said that you said that the sound is from Shree gandha and also white and also you said that how do we know the sound is from this you were giving a little explanation how do we know that it is from Shree gandha normally I would say it is white how do we know it is from Shree gandha we can know it from the leaves where are the leaves from Shree gandha it is like this it is like this what is the difference for example for those who have seen it everyone knows now you see the seeds after 3 years we will harvest the seeds and sell it in this way we will get some maintenance yes, the seeds will come after 3-4 years this is a short now we do nursery now we do nursery now we do nursery see the capon this is the seed we will take this we will give a good rate oil will come in this oil? yes, you will give massage for 1 liter it will cost 2000 rupees so it will get some quality yes if it is 4 years old how much will this be 4 years old will be 2 years old it is here for 2 years it is here for 2 years we will come here with all our strength if you see anything, leave it, it will take 4-5 years it is here for 2 years means you have seen it well yes, we have 2 kg of beech yes we have beech it is there in the bundle in the bundle in the bundle show it you have taken it from nursery show it it is here they have not maintained it they have kept it in the house we have come here to water it it has come to life they have not seen the nursery they have not seen it I know it it will be done well we have watered it it has been 5-6 days it has come to life even there when it is broken it is there for 7-8 days it was there for 7-8 days it was there for 7-8 days some have been damaged people have not seen it we have maintained it we have not damaged it we have taken interest to maintain it I am in Bangalore I have a farm I have a farm I have taken care of it I have taken care of it we have kept it in the mud we have kept it in the mud we have kept it in the mud it has not been used we have not taken it we have not taken it I have not taken it we have kept it in a different cover we have kept it in a different cover it might come Priya gave it you have given Rs.100 or Rs.20 I have given Rs.100 or Rs.20 I have given Rs.100 or Rs.20 it is there I have kept it in the mud Tharikere Where is Tharikere coming from? This is Badravathi road From there we have made a canter It cost us Rs.15000 How much land do you have for 1 acre? For 1 acre we can make around 300-400 acres Now you have 2 acres If you want to build a canter for 15 years, how much land do you have? If we grow it well, it will cost us 25 crores So it will take 20 years to build it So it will take 20 years to build 2 acres of land for 700 acres See this is the seed These seeds... Will you grow it? If we cover it with soil and cover it with a cover It will grow well It will grow well We can change it That is why we have come here Okay, now you have planted 700 acres of land for 2 acres It has been 7-8 years Now to our viewers who are watching this If you tell us your experience If you tell us your experience What do you want to tell? Do you want to tell Shrikant to grow it? It will grow well Everyone will grow well We have to see the seed after having some interest and hard work Like that If we do that We will be able to see the seeds for another 10 years Will the crop grow well? It will grow well We have to have some interest and work hard If we come here at 5 am We will be able to see the seeds We have to wait for another 10 years We have to wait for another 10 years If we wait for that long We can't see the seeds for another day But you have done business in different places We have done business in different farms You have done something else You have done something else We have been doing this for a long time We cannot spend it We are losing our money We have done this for a long time You have spent it here Is it a long-time investment? You will get a good amount in a long time Yes, we have to put in the effort Even if we don't put in the effort We have to be brave and put in the effort We will get it someday Otherwise, we will be at a loss We came in the morning after eating We will be at a loss in the evening I will tell you Once I was cutting the power and going I didn't have money with me for that 3 days After that night And the budget was too short Today because of this they may not even destroy 6noc For example Ayurvedic United coconut they will pay a little more For coconut since this is daily available in telly and also for the market I would like to share your experience that is, a big price is paid for a small price it will not be big even if it is hard to pay we have been doing this for 15 years 15 years means a lot we are waiting for that we will take it it will be a good amount yes yes I am very happy to talk to you and share this information and let people know about Shrikanta Belia I am very happy thank you may god bless you with health and prosperity and may god bless you thank you friends, you have seen how Shrikanta Belia is made we have heard about it people say that Shrikanta Belia is very good because small pieces of Belia are ready to be used for 1-2 years but this is made in 2 acres and 700 acres are made in 2 acres if we come to protect this for 15 years and look after it they say that it will be profitable upto 25 crores they say that they are waiting for the same year 25 crores how ever we keep it we can eat it easily and after that we can do farming we have been informed in that way, you have a land we have kept it in 2 acres out of this 1 acre 300-300 acres out of 2 acres around 7-8 acres if we wait till 15-20 years you will get a good income Shrikanta is Belia it has variety it is said that Shrikanta has many beds so, you can come out and stay together for more videos like this subscribe to our channel like and share it with your friends I am ȘiK亮 I am violently
SandalWoodNewsStories_297.mp3:  Music You may have heard about the blood moon game in the movie Pushpa. It is not as simple as blood moon, but the market is very big. So there is no fear that this will reduce the price. Blood moon trees that are possible to grow in India are in the forests. But smugglers, thieves, and thieves have tried to change this. Even now, blood moon can be used to do business by changing the price. Because there is a good price for blood moon. Even if you get a small piece of blood moon, people grow it in a lot of ways like beauty, skin. Blood moon is also big in India. The world has a lot of interest in this blood moon. We will explain some of the special ideas that you know about the growth of the blood moon. By the way, what do you know about this blood moon? Blood moon is a tree of the Pati Dubari family that grew in ancient India. Or red sandal. It is a tree that grows in the forest. The tree is called Almooga, Sounderwood, Red sandal, Red sandalwood, Rattachandana, Red Chandana. It is a tree that grows in the forest. Do you know what are the main features of this tree? The tree is a small tree. It grows from 5 to 8 meters. But this tree is the color of this plant. The color of the forest is the attraction of this plant. It is the name for the main vegetable tree in India as the first planted tree ofいい soviét Porque tu i Veg temas That is because of the power of its lexical properties. Glass meteor can be used in food products like teaspoons, cosmetics, boutiques etc. It is mainly used for recognise and perform next to worship, as a formal gambling counter and an action to guard one's美味. One more great feature tastes is that, though half-and-curtain ne generating a various amount of em Bella Oriental and Hindi ser dialogues, seems to be few of our India needs to build. The trees in the forest are the tombs of smugglers and smugglers. When they grow up, they will be very old. This is mostly seen in South India. Do you know what the plantations of Kempu Chandana are? The soil and mud of Kempu Chandana is suitable for growing. This grows well in a dry and humid environment. Kempu Chandana can grow anywhere in India. Each tree can grow 10 by 10 feet. Each tree can grow 500 kg of Kempu Chandana for 10 years. Kempu Chandana should be grown in a dry environment for the first two years. The soil is then collected and 45 cm to 45 cm of soil is collected from 4 to 4 meters away. The Kempu Chandana is sold from May to June. The soil is then watered. Then, in the middle of 10 to 15 days, water can be applied to the soil. From April to May, the leaves of Kempu Chandana are eaten by the women and the fruits are destroyed. This is how the Manu Crotophagia is reduced by the two-fold reduction of the soil. This Kempu is a very good plant for the growth of the plant. If the tree needs to be properly planted, it needs to be planted for decades. This is a tree that grows from 150 to 175 cm. For one seed, it grows up to 90 meters. This tree has grown 6 meters in 3 years. This tree does not tolerate the wind. Kempu Chandana is a historical and precious tree in China. Kempu Chandana is very important. The fruit is grown in the trees. The fruit is grown in the trees. Kempu Chandana is a tree that grows in the middle of a tree. The fruit is grown as a medicine. Kempu Chandana is used to treat the problems of liver disease and to treat the smallness of the body. Kempu Chandana is used to prepare for the preparation of blood purification. Kempu Chandana is also used to make the alcohol-based water tasty. It is also used to prepare for the preparation of music instruments. So, all these special fruits are used to make the blood Chandana. So, all these special fruits are used to make the blood Chandana.
SandalWoodNewsStories_299.mp3:  Mom, we should not have been so stubborn. Why? What happened to you? What is the problem with you now? No mom, We should have everything at home. Only then we can live. Don't say like that, Muthu. We should have everything we have. We should live in peace. We should not be distressed. Mom, if we are honest, we cannot earn money. Mom, All my friends are earning money. But I am not doing any business. You are not doing any business. Whatever you say is right. You are not doing any business. Whatever you say is wrong. Only if we have wealth, we can live happily. We should not be dependent on wealth. We should not be dependent on wealth. If we have to earn money, We should do something. Look, Mom, I will leave. I will go to work. I will go to work. I will go to work. I will go to work. Muthu, where are you going? Come here. I have some time. I have to go to work. Muthu, you should go. You should talk to him. You are all rich. You should be able to do everything. But I cannot do it. If I go to work, I will be in trouble. This is my situation. Why are you saying like this? Why are you saying like this? Think about it. What? What are you saying? Don't you know the matter? The people who are living in the village are being taken care of by the government. On that day, the people who are living in the village are being taken care of by the government. I am a rich businessman. I am a rich businessman. That is why I said, you shall keep鼓 sla�이 the r few cognac trees you have in your houses. No executionerthis is dipping them in copper illumination and decorate themade. They get good looks when seeing such a strange thing. They give Game played with gold bowls. What? Are you telling truth? Yes, Muthu. They are very blessed with the malforms he has. But Sanjeeva, Keshava, my dad has made these dépenders to be turned into diamond made from water. But anyway, is to play with these trees and maintain their Bitcoinzy M substantial Nothing espera I want my own neighbour and you go. Do not make fun of the good Why should we give up our wealth? Mother, I have thought of something. People have said that we should build a Maratha on those red-hot trees. What Muthu? What are you saying? I don't agree to this. You can say whatever you want. I am in favor. Greetings, Your Majesty. Who are you? I am Muthu. I have brought a gift for your son. Really? What is it? It is a petal tree made of the fragrant, fragrant, and fragrant of the Ratnaganda tree. What? It is a Ratnaganda tree. It is a very special tree. Thank you very much. Ask me what you want and how much you want. I will give you the money. Soldiers, give me a lot of money and gifts. Thank you for making me happy from this special tree. You can take this gift and gift as a gift. Thank you, Your Majesty. Mother, where are you? Muthu, your son has been poisoned by a poisonous animal. This is an extraordinary poison. Oh God! I will tell the doctor right now. What is this? This is a very dangerous thing. I will tell him that I have brought a petal tree. If you give him this, he will be cured. There is no other medicine to give him. If you tell him, he will die. That is a Ratnaganda tree. Give him this and take him to this poisonous place. But, the most precious medicine is not enough. I will give you the money. Thank you, Your Majesty. Thank you, Your Majesty. I will give you the money. Oh God! What should I do now? I will take care of my son. I will give you a lot of money. Money is not the only thing that can be done. I have given you so much gold. But, there is no poison in the pot. Money cannot save a person's life. Oh God! Sir, Your father has brought us up with a pot, water and a pot. We, the trees, do not let the pot die. That is why, I will do something for you. You have destroyed the pot that we have taken. Instead, you should throw us into the river. You should kill the earth in your son's hand. You should drink the water. He will be free from the effects of poison. Do as I say. Forgive me, my son. I will not repeat these mistakes. I will plant trees like my father. My son, I will not let your father die. I will drink the water from the pot. Your father is a good man. I will not let him die. I will not let him die. I am sorry. I will not forgive you. I will not forgive you. You have done a lot. I have done a lot. But, you cannot forgive me. I have done a lot. I have done a lot.
SandalWoodNewsStories_304.mp3:  Hi, welcome to Dharugruth Today's topic is about how we can get a good harvest in between a farm and a farmhouse This is a story of a successful farmer The reason why I am showing this is that many people make mistakes and you should not do it They have made this beautiful farm here That is why I am doing this video Before starting the video, please subscribe to the channel and share the video Many people are watching the video but they are not subscribing to the channel Let's start the video The topic is that this is a farm that we have made in March This is a farm in Belgam district This is a mud farm Usually, we consider it as a risk to build a farm in mud Why? It is because of high rain in Belgam district So we started the development based on the high rain challenges It is 12 feet from Shree Gandh to Shree Gandh It is 15 feet from Gandh to Shree Gandh It is 12 feet from Shree Gandh to Shree Gandh We have placed a cb there It is 15 feet from Shree Gandh to Shree Gandh We have placed a cedar there The cedar is gold Shree Gandh is red If we cut the Shree Ghanda's head, we can see the white part of the Taiwan white Now we have cut it twice for Shree Ghanda's head, for the Shree Ghanda's head and for the Shree Ghanda's head If you see the growth of Shree Ghanda's head and Shree Ghanda's head, it is uniform It is growing at the same height If you have built a beautiful garden, it is a proof If you have cut the head of Shree Ghanda's head, it will not grow If you have cut the head properly, it will not grow If you have cut the head properly, it will not grow Now we will come to the next topic If you have not made Shree Ghanda's head with CBC, you can see here Marigold, Chandu, Badhinaka Before this, we are eating here, what is it? Groundnuts, ok We have grown the shenga beans Before this, if you grow it first, you can grow the sothika Ok, then If you have come to shenga, before shenga What they did is They put soybean in this for the munger Soybean, shenga, sothika Now if you see, it is marigold If you see marigold seeds This is juniper, precious This is marginal They put 10 acres of good in this 10 acres, 5 families have planted their own fields the special thing is that they have planted their own fields they are calling and consulting the farmers for every problem they are very interested in this they are planting this farm for their children this is the result of this many people are depending on labour the purpose of keeping the fields clean is not the same if you take more salt in the fields, it will be less polluted it will be more profitable if you are doing the work and the expenses you will get the full profit because the field has good fruits if you have good crops to harvest or if you have good crops to harvest it will help you we are waiting for this in that field if you have a good crop, you can use this field to make a good income this is also very important second thing is that if you are just dependent on labour or just dependent on the barrier you will not get the results in this video, I am telling you that your input and time is very important if you want to make a beautiful farm you have to change this if you have a good crop, you can control it if you have a good control of the crop the erwetting will couple the alternate seeds if your skills are good then you can improve the practice you need to implement management the things are so called management planning is the most important everything that you do it goes to the field we have these fixed costs two phases of development plantation offer is equal to free estuv vats We are building these creating Habits The subsidy is 125 rupees This full video The owner will give his opinion If you miss the next video Subscribe the channel and press the bell icon If you want to develop a garden Contact us Meet us in our office And make your garden your dream garden What you see here is A challenging plot 1.Cup mud 2. Rain 3. The surrounding area of the garden Is covered with a cup In that land Such a beautiful garden Every year they are earning 2 lakhs per acre With that subsidy And then In a year CYC will start They have 6 lakhs in their expectation The owner will give his opinion You can watch the next video If you miss the next video Subscribe the channel and press the bell icon If you want to develop a garden Make a full effort And come to the garden This is a small request This video is made with the feeling that you will do it Namaskar friends
SandalWoodNewsStories_295.mp3:  Welcome to our channel. Please subscribe to our channel and press the bell icon to get the latest updates. Welcome to our channel. India used to be a rich country in ancient times. India was a natural reserve for the people. At present gold it is among the prime reserves of the earned Staff 47 years ago.ений India's gold deposit was very poor in society till today. They had an interesting issue no how there was a red gem in the sand Jonah-th there. This crown trướcere another table and with the same Rose that naïve mistress inteleration the other top. is only found in South India. In that, the best and most prosperous blood-scented trees are only found in the rest of Andhra Pradesh. More than the most beautiful trees in South India, this blood-scented tree is most famous. As mentioned earlier, in the world of earth, this tree is the only visible, invisible and hard-working tree in our India. If you ask the price of this blood-scented tree, you will definitely be shocked. Yes, this blood-scented tree, which was used to make a living due to the destruction of the forest, costs 20,000 to 30,000 rupees. From the tree of a badly grown blood-scented tree, you will get 20 to 30 kg of trees. If you smuggle this, you will get up to 6 lakhs from one tree. So, even if one ton of blood-scented tree is not there, it costs 2 crores. For this reason, this blood-scented tree is also considered a special portion for the safety of the tree. Friends, why is this blood-scented tree so thick? You can ask. Since ancient times, our ancestors used to drink blood-scented in Ayurveda. Later, it was used for skin diseases. As time goes by, the strength of this blood-scented tree in India has increased with the development of science. So, it is used for various modern medicines, and also for the use of beautiful objects. The cost of the most expensive objects is very high. For example, take petrol. In some countries, the cost of petrol is very low in Thailand. But in India, petrol is less, so petrol and diesel are less in our country. The same situation is with blood-scented trees. Blood-scented trees are only found in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. From here, most of the trees are used for foreign countries. Therefore, China is not only the source of this blood-scented tree, but also the source of this blood-scented tree. Because, China uses this blood-scented tree in the fields and other places. China is not the only one. You know that India has also come to the knowledge that Ayurveda has been used to treat diseases caused by medicines. So, in such Ayurvedic medicines, blood-scented trees are also used. In the same way, in other countries, blood-scented trees are also used. For this reason, the tree of this blood-scented tree is more popular in China. In China alone, blood-scented trees are used in Japan and Mongolia for the use of various medicines. Friends, if these medicinal properties are excluded, China will not like this blood-scented tree, which is another reason. About 700 years ago, during the 14th century, the Ming dynasty ruled China. For the last 100 years, the Chinese and the Chinese people have been living in China. According to a report published by the British newspaper China Daily, the Ming dynasty was obsessed with the blood-scented petal-patterns and such disgusting things prepared by the royal family. At that time, the royal family could not find the blood-scented tree anywhere, so they were taking it from there. It is said that they were disgusting the royal family with the furniture and the disgusting things. The blood-scented tree was used to make the house dirty. The royal family was not interested in the house because it was a house that was made by the royal family. It was used to keep the house clean and the house was made by the royal family to make it clean. These things were used to keep the house clean and the house was made by the royal family. Even if the royal family got rid of this dirty thing, the royal family could not get rid of the dirty thing. Despite the fact that the blood-scented tree was used to clean the house, the royal family was not interested in the dirty things In the forest of Sheshachalam, the killing of the trees began. Then, the poor workers go to the forest, cut down the trees, and earn money by selling the trees to the smugglers. Some smugglers use the trees to kill the smugglers and then kill them. These workers are always against any kind of crime. The police officers are not interested. It is wrong to say that the former Pushpa king who ran the kingdom of Rajarosh is the killer. The tree is 11 meters tall and grows up to 8 to 11 meters. This tree is also important because it is the time to grow. Yes, if the normal tree grows up to 10 years, it takes 30 years for a poor tree to grow up to a tree of blood. But, If the normal tree grows up to 10 years, it will grow up to a tree of blood. First of all, the blood of this tree is a must in the international market. Because of this, the government spends crores of rupees every year on these trees for the safety of the forest. In the next 2.5 lakh hectares, the part of this Sheshachalam forest will be very important. Because the smugglers who do the smuggling of the blood are not smugglers. First of all, the smugglers are supplying the blood of Rs. 20,000 crores every year. For this, the people who do the smuggling of these trees are punished with 15 years of imprisonment. Here, the blood of the smugglers is a question for the forest officials. The forest officials are not the ones who do the smuggling of the blood. So, you may ask, why is this tree, which is the most powerful tree in the world, a blood tree? There is no answer to this. There is a tree that is much more precious than a blood tree. That is African Blackwood. Yes, if you ask the price of this tree, you will be surprised. This tree is worth more than every kg of the international tree. It is worth 8,000 pounds per kg. African Blackwood is the most unique tree on earth. This tree is about 20 to 40 feet tall. African Blackwood is found in 26 countries of Central and South Africa. This unique tree, which is most common in the desert area, is more prosperous and lasts for 60 years. But in the countries of Kenya and Tanzania, where the blackness of this tree is the most common, this tree is the most common. Therefore, this unique tree is in the state of destruction. African Blackwood is also used to make music like music, drums and guitar. Besides this, the most precious and childhood memories of this tree are also preserved. This tree, which was caught in the dock where beings live, is now also in the state ofSC Action. America is arison? No. You must love Africa. They are called African Blackwood. What happened to Africa in South Africa to this day? THANK YOU
SandalWoodNewsStories_305.mp3:  So we can earn around 1,20,000 Rupees In a private market, this tree weighs around 10-15,000 Rupees per Kg This depends on the variety of trees and the water and nutrition If we see here, this tree is growing well because it is 5 feet tall and has been properly planted Greetings to all Srikanth is a very valuable tree This tree is famous for its fragrance in the whole world This tree is very popular in the national and international markets But this tree which is so popular is falling short of the market Why? Because the cultivation practice of this tree is correct What Srikanth tree is? We call it as Hemiroot parasite That means This tree is a berry tree The structure of the tree and its production are not developed correctly This tree depends on another tree So if you are growing Srikanth, you need to find a host plant for that The reason why the trees of Srikanth tree are properly cultivated is It does not have the capacity to be water, minerals or nutrients This depends on the water and nutrition of the tree So what kind of tree can be a host for this tree? First of all, we can host agroforestry trees Or any other trees like Mulberry And we can also host other trees that are in good condition Whichever host plant you select, it will be a host plant for Srikanth tree So we can also host other trees that are in good condition So the reason why we can host these trees is Because in Srikanth, the heartwood is very important So if the heartwood and oil are to be formed Then the sun light and the heat are required So if we select a very hot tree, it gives a good shade Then the heartwood formation is not possible So in that, we call Srikanth as a stress loving plant That means This tree is stressed If the heat is too much or the heat is too much Then it will grow well at that time I said earlier that if there is a heartwood formation or oil formation Then the heat should be more and the heat should be more So if we get all these things, this tree will grow well If you want to plant a host plant for this Srikanth tree Distance is very important That means, if you plant a host plant, You have to plant a host plant after 2.5 to 3.5 meters If you want to plant a very good host plant for this Srikanth tree Which is a leguminous plant, then you can use a host plant for this tree. You can call it a leguminous plant These leguminous trees Because they are the main source of the environment They are the main source of the environment So this tree can be used for the The host plant comes in two types One is a primary host and the other is a permanent host Primary host means If this tree is a good one If it is in the starting stage Then it should be given for 2 years from 6 months Next is a permanent host Then it should be given for 2 years from 6 months If we see what this primary host is It is a Togari, Muttidharai Muni and Sesbeniya If we see what this primary host is It is a Togari, Muttidharai Muni and Sesbeniya If we are a secondary host, then it is a permanent host We can plant a Hippunerala tree We can plant a Teak We can plant a Hunne We can plant other sweet trees We can also plant Glirisedia By planting Glirisedia and Sesbeniya More population is produced in the soil That means, these two trees Because they are small trees, More population is produced in the soil This is also very important This is also very important If you want this to grow If you want this to grow Another important part This tree is a rain-reinforced tree This tree should never be planted in a water area This tree should never be planted in a water area Why? I told you earlier In this tree, if there is a formation of Heartwood or oil content There should be more light and moisture If not, if there is more water the quality of the oil content will also be very low. If you want to grow a host plant for Shree Gandha Mara, the plants should not depend on water too much. It should also be grown in the rainy season. Because when you give more water to that plant, it will also affect Shree Gandha. If you want to grow Shree Gandha Mara, the soil is also very important. Since it depends on the host plant, we have to give about 5 feet of space to the host and Shree Gandha Mara. If you give more than 5 feet of space, this tree will not connect with the other tree. It is very difficult to grow water and nutrition plants at that time. In this same garden, we will also show that example. If you see here, because the space is 5 feet, this tree is growing well. If you see in this garden, if you see a tree there, it will not grow well. Because the distance between the host plant and the tree is very long, it is not growing well because the plant is not taking the water and nutrition properly. We call this Shree Gandha Mara as a wider adaptability crop. Because, no matter what kind of soil or soil it is, this tree can grow easily. This Shree Gandha Mara, can grow up to 160 trees by giving 10 feet of distance to each tree. This tree will grow for about 15 to 20 years. So, from one tree, we get about 20 kg of hardwood. In this market rate, we get about 6000 rupees per kg of this tree. So, if we take about 20 kg from one tree, we can earn about 1 lakh 20 thousand rupees. So, if one acre is 160 trees, we can get about 2 kg of hardwood from 160 trees. In that, we can add papaya to this Shree Gandha Mara, we can add lime, we can add turmeric, we can add cinnamon, we can add this kind of trees, we can get about half of that. But, all these are for the benefit of the Shree Gandha Mara, if we want to grow this Shree Gandha Mara, the most important problem is, this will become a stone. So, we can take this tree as a stone. So, we have to give protection to this tree. Since this Shree Gandha Mara is not being produced, and because of the increase in the production of this tree, the government is also supporting the construction of the Shree Gandha Mara. The government of Karnataka has also done a project called Grow More Sandalwood, to build this tree. To protect this tree, first of all, we have to use microchips to protect this tree. If you see how, to protect this Shree Gandha Mara, the government has this protection system. What this means is, by using microchips, we can protect the trees. How this is done is, we can dig 8 feet deep from the ground, and we can put the microchip in the trees. This is done by Indian Wood Science and Technology. So, what happens is, if a stone comes to your garden, what happens is, there is a drone, night vision camera, day vision camera, when someone comes to your garden, it captures the images in the camera. What is this microchip? There is a server in it, one server is connected to Indian Wood Science and Technology. If someone comes to your garden, they also get a signal there. When you cut the tree and take it, what happens is, you can even track the stone. But, if you want to dig in your garden, you have to put at least 100 Sri Gandha trees in your garden. But, if you want to do all this, depending on the government, what you can do is, you can dig a deep hole around it. In this deep hole, because the stone is very thick, it is not easy to dig it out. So, those trees, if you dig about 40 to 50 feet, Sri Gandha trees can be seen even from the side of the road. So, you can also use other types of fencing, like using a stick, or using a barbed wire to fence a tree. So, by doing this, we can protect the trees. So, if you bury dogs in your garden, they also protect the trees. So, you can install a CCTV camera. Since there are many people who are against this tree, the government has also given a lot of support. So, if you want to buy a tree, you can buy this tree from Aranya Ilaka for 3 to 5 rupees per seedling. So, through the Sri Gandha scheme, you can get help for the construction of this tree. In addition, you can get insurance for the construction of this tree. Not only that, there is also a social security. So, all the farmers in the village can give protection to this tree by building this tree. So, you can get this tree in any way you want. This tree is adapted to all environmental conditions. So, if you grow this tree in your garden, you can grow more trees. Thank you. Since Dr. Sahil started, the number of posts is increasing. So, my number has increased.
SandalWoodNewsStories_294.mp3:  After 4 years, you will be a member of the government of Rona. Do you want to get a subsidy? I am also inspired by you. I have a place in Rona. I want to stay there for a long time. I will get a job there. I will get a job in a place where I can earn Rs. 300-750. You can go anywhere you want. I am from Huttugavur. I feel like I am in Huttugavur. I am from Kerala. I am from Kerala. I am from Kerala.
SandalWoodNewsStories_303.mp3:  Kisanvarthi.com Namaskara. Namaskaranayya Swamy. Kisanvarthi.com Welcome. There are many restrictions in the system to plant or grow Sri Ganda. First of all, the government has allowed to plant Sri Ganda trees in the morning. There are many restrictions. There are many problems to protect the trees after planting. There are many problems to protect the trees after planting. Dr. Sivanan, who is the Dean of the Aranya Mahavidya University, and the farmer of Sri Ganda, has answered these questions. He has answered these questions. He has answered these questions. According to the clarification, there are no restrictions in Sri Ganda. There are no restrictions or restrictions of the government. The main purpose of Kisanvarthi.com is to keep the farmers alert and not to be afraid. Dr. Sivanan has explained this to us. Kisanvarthi.com is providing this information. Listen. Drink also and seek these tips . Namaskaram. Namaste. Welcome to Kisanuvarthi.com We have already published your two beautiful pictures on Kisanuvarthi.com Your work is very good Now a days some farmers are asking for verification Is this the way to get information about these three? Yes sir Sir, what are the varieties in these? We call them species We give about 6 species Among them, the one that gives the most aroma is Sri Gandha Sir, is it a different kind of Sri Gandha? We call it species, not a variety Yes, variety People here are asking about the varieties of Thali Thali is not available It is not related to water Thali is not Thali Thali is not Thali Then why are there Thali and Gandha here? Thali and Gandha grow in the trees But there is no such thing as Thali and Gandha Then how many species are there in the earth? The earth is small in size We have decided to determine the size of the earth If the earth is small in size From 6 to 9 species We can give one to another It depends on the purpose Sir, how long will it take to grow? After 15 to 16 years After 16 years? Yes Sir, when will the Paravalembi plant grow? Paravalembi is a leguminous species It is a plant related to the plant of Dizdala Danya It is a plant related to the plant of Gada Mara We have grown beet We have grown beet with the help of the plant You have already planted it here Yes What is the permission of the government? The government has given permission to the government The government has given permission in the year 2050 Many people come here for permission Police, forestry officers come here They say everything here But there is no interest in it, right? No, there is no interest in it But we need permission to build We need permission to do construction It is a very good thing Everything is required Everything is required This is also the same feeling The smell of the land is the property of the land Does it come in the north Karnataka region? Yes, it comes there All the earth comes here Which three are around? In the upper part Kempumishiritha Lomi That soil is very clean Kappu comes in the earth Manalu comes in the earth All the earth has come here But the earth is not protected by the sun It is on the top of the palm tree There is no government policy on this There is a government policy One person gets 30 rupees per year One person gets 30 rupees per year It can be taken from the land We don't have to take anything It can be taken No one can take permission on this No one needs permission for that No one needs permission Even if it is given for a certain period of time No one can get permission What is the problem with the market? There is a demand for the market After 10 years It is not getting as much as it should There is a demand as much as it should It is not getting Many people ask People from all parts of Karnataka ask Many people ask People from all parts of Karnataka ask Do you think the farmers can get the light? Do you think the farmers can get the light? Yes, they can But there is a light demand They need a big light They need a light They need a light They need a light They need a light Some farmers have not got the light Some farmers have not got the light But the farmers need to see the output formation As I say, dear, So, you cannot eat all these As I say, dear, So, you cannot eat all these Theommen is dry而 holders are scattered The 是 The Bowser Grub abenait What is the one else? .. yes , kapi and amaranth but historicallyesi or leguminous plants have thin continue so dalber misfavors romantic specific any milk in r Kyle yes, we have start to pump now usually on hang light from this year How many years can you expect to get the results? We expect to get the results faster but it should be more than 8 minutes. If the plant is growing, it should be more than 8 minutes. It should be beneficial for the plant. You are doing this for the sake of the plant. If we grow more grapes, it will grow faster but it should not be more than 8 minutes. We are taking a special approach. We are trying to get more than 8 minutes. What can be the change in the hormones? The formation of the wood is very difficult. We are studying the science of physical recovery. We have tried it and we have found that it is not working. Thank you for your help in this field. May you be successful in your work. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
SandalWoodNewsStories_230.mp3:  Music In the revolution of Bangalore's international science, if people are being robbed of crores of rupees, the people of the city are not aware of it. You can ask me the question, did they not complain about it? They have definitely complained. But, the truth behind the crime of robbing them is here. In the name of the brave forest, the government spent crores of rupees. It killed 106 people. But, the government is robbing the Indian campus which is only 14 km away from the Vidhana Savudha Chamber. But, the government is only helping the poor. The police and the police officers are being attacked. They should be behead them. Because, they are not allowed to wear belts. They should be beaten up. They should be beaten up. If they are not allowed to work in a department, it is a waste of time. Because, parents should be beheaded and beaten up. That is why they are called parents. If we are left alone, we are not called parents. We are called orphans. We have become orphans. The place where the criminals were found is not a quiet place. The police have sent them to the Aranya district. But, do you know the answer to the authorities' questions? There are 100-200 people. We have complained to the police. They told us to come to the police station. They told us to behead them. They told us to behead the police. This is a fact. To see the truth, we have done a reality check. We reached VV campus at 11 pm. We ran to the place where the smell was. But, no one thought of us. We asked a rodler in front of him. He tried to check the place on our back. But, the Phone was not working. For our own safety, he has been wiretapped. There had to be a place on our back. He could not control the police. A car saying some sort of dish washing was entered at theicular end. I was worried. What were the adjective of the word which is found on the bizim? кchool hindi usual cold cold now we have one by one they have a lot of things what can we do? you have to bring it from home we will bring it we don't have any battery in our lathi that is our weapon even the cows are running but during summer time we have to bring it during summer time we have to bring it during rainy season that is our they have brought a lathi they have brought a torch they haven't given any protection so they don't know from where the cows come what is their way if we know that we cannot do anything after 11 or 12 in the morning they are black they come in the forest they don't come in the fields they come around 11 or 12 in the morning they are always out Only starting at 9 AM, if you rent a real reducing machine, you bring it back to the oneself and it sets it right. Ma'am, this is not our old technique. Our people came to the field in the 90s What do they do if they are told to give a stick and hold the stone? There are 63 Home Guards in the University of Kailu. But nothing is done. There are only 5 entrances to the University. But there are no check posts. In our reality check, the police were checking the vehicles on one side. But they did not check the vehicles coming from the University campus. The officials and representatives of our country, our forest, our property are not able to work for the welfare of the society. These officials and representatives are making the trees of Kailasakya Bharat boring and making them sad. It is a crime to cut these rotten trees. These trees are cut and cut. This is the duty of every person. But the police and the police department of this University are forgetting their duty. The government should take action against the officials who have forgotten their duty. Otherwise, all these rotten trees will not be destroyed along with the evidence. We will come back with another interesting story in this Cover Story. We will see you soon with Suvanna News 24 7. Suvanna News 24 7. Suvanna News.
SandalWoodNewsStories_306.mp3:  Music Music The fear of Shri Gandhada's awakening is a terrible fear. The The fear of Shri Gandhada's awakening is a terrible fear. Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music and then they export it Do they take the goods from the small shops? Yes they do All are free The people who do the mining here are 50% of the people How many companies are there in Salmavasi? There is one company in our village One company? I suspect that the surrounding people are tied up with the company that does the mining There are 100% of them But where will they go? They have done the mining Is there any connection between the oil factory and the mining of Srikanth? We started to get questions about this We went to the village of Rollayamba in Andhra Pradesh How much is the Srikanth? If it is 100 kg, it is 2000 kg You got one question correct You areüf And we tried to involve you since in Binayan When we travelled from Sunda and Scetu We hacker